['\nAmazing Smart Phone to have.Pros:1.Smooth Display2.Super Fast Dash Charging3.Swift response4.Great Camera and Video Quality5. Affordable as compared to Pro Version6. Amoled Full HD7.Snapdragon 855 SoC\n', "\nIt is a known fact that many people are disappointed with OnePlus 7 Pro's pricing, size, thickness, bulkiness, bugs like phantom touches, etc. At least me, being a OnePlus fan from past so many years, was very much disappointed with OnePlus 7 Pro, in every aspect.But however, this OnePlus 7 completely restores back the lost glories of the OnePlus history. This is my opinion. Now let us dive into the Pros & Cons of this amazing device, OnePlus 7:Pros:1) Display: I use both Samsung and OnePlus devices. The reason is: I love Samsung's vibrant AMOLED displays and OnePlus device's fantastic, butter-smooth, fastest Oxygen UI. So I always desired both on one phone (display and fastest Oxygen UI). And at last, OnePlus 7 fulfilled my desire. OnePlus 7 has a fantastic UI (Oxygen OS) + display like Samsung devices (like S10+). But note that this will NOT BE BY DEFAULT. By default on this OnePlus 7, the display is not great like Samsung AMOLED displays. To achieve Samsung S10+ display on this OnePlus 7 device, you have to do this: go to Settings --> Display --> Screen Calibration --> Advanced and select AMOLED Wide Gamut. Then see the magic. It matches exactly with Samsung S10+. This option is NOT there on previous OnePlus devices (not there even on 6T). So OP7 gets 5 stars for the display.2) Processor: This device hosts the world's fastest processor - Snapdragon 855 chipset processor. So everything is butter-smooth. Nothing more to comment. So OP7 gets 5 stars for its powerful processor.3) UI: There is no smartphone user interface as simple and as powerful as on OnePlus devices. So OP7 too gets 5 stars for its Oxygen UI.4) Camera: I am very much astonished to see the powerful 48 MP camera on this OnePlus 7 device. I have attached a few pictures. Please have a look.5) Battery: Though battery backup will be great on all OnePlus devices, on this particular model I felt battery backup little more powerful compared to older devices. I think this is due to the latest Oxygen version, which has been fine-tuned still more for battery efficiency.6) Storage: Whenever I buy the smartphones, I transfer my huge number of Lord Krishna's bhajans, wallpapers, videos, etc. So since this time I had opted for 256 GB, I was not selective while copying the files. I just copied all my 177 GB data to my new OnePlus 7. And believe it or not, everything just copied by the time I finished my short snacks break. Thanks to UFS 3.0 storage method. So OP7 gets 5 stars for storage too.7) Sound: Except on OnePlus 6, most of the OnePlus users enjoyed the LOUD sound. But on this OnePlus 7 device, along with the loudness, there is Dolby Atmos 360 degree revolving sound effect, which cannot be revealed in this writing, but only by hearing. So really excellent work they have done on this OnePlus 7 device in speakers segment too. So OnePlus 7 gets 5 stars in this sound segment too.8) RAM: RAM management is always good on OnePlus devices and one need not worry how the Oxygen OS handles the RAM. And even base variant comes in 6 GB this time also. In addition, we have RAM Boost feature also this time on OnePlus 7 series. So OnePlus 7 gets 5 stars for its fantastic low-power consuming RAM.9) Case: The provided TPU case is very nice and looks like it gives strong protection. 5 stars.10) Dash Charger: The master technology which is there from past so many years, continues to be still the world's best technology (excluding Warp charger from the game). 5 stars.11) Alert Slider: Alert slider is very, very smooth in this new 7 series. Really you love to slide simply. 5 stars.12) Fingerprint sensor: I can say that this is the world's first successful fastest in-display fingerprint scanner. However, I always prefer dedicated hardware fingerprint scanner. Just see OnePlus 6! Even today it is awesome. Anyways. 5 stars.13) Brightness: OnePlus has learned a lesson from its previous failures due to very, very low brightness levels on the screen. Earlier one has to keep brightness level at 80% for normal view. Many customers sold off their devices due to this mistake alone (I have seen in their forums). But fortunately, on this 7 series, the brightness level is good. One has to just keep at 30% to 40% for a good view.14) Vibration Motor: If you all remember, many users suffered from the worst quality vibration motors on a few previous devices, by hearing an abnormal rattling sound. But this time, as they promised, 200% strong we can feel. There is no rattling sound even when it was tested on the highest intensity.Cons:This I want to be seen by OnePlus.1) Build Quality: People love even today the classic designs & metal bodies of previous OnePlus devices like 3, 3T, 5, 5T, etc. But this OnePlus 7 looks like plastic back (you can tap and test), although they call a glass body. I don't know what is the use of providing shiny glass bodies when, after all, it doesn't support wireless charging. They should have gone for the metal body, or at least, matte finished glasses like OnePlus 6 Silk White or Matte Black. It doesn't look anymore premium. Forget premium, it doesn't look good at all.2) Color Options: As said above, already the device is too shiny and fingerprint magnet. Along with that, the worst color options we have. I really don't know how many people like the Red color. Though colors are subjective, I don't think at least Red color is for professionals. And only one left option, shiny Mirror Grey. This too not for professionals. Really disappointing by seeing the color options we have. Why not give White & Gold options? OnePlus, it doesn't cost you extra.3) Size, weight, and thickness: I don't know why OnePlus is increasing dimensions, weight, and thickness of the device while Samsung is maintaining all these three in all the segments (budget to premium).Oneplus 5: 7.3 mm & 153 gramsOnePlus 5T: 7.3 mm & 162 gramsOnePlus 6: 7.8 mm & 177 gramsOnePlus 6T: 8.2 mm & 185 grams.And OnePlus 7: 8.2 mm & 182 grams + noticeably a huge ugly camera bump. One may argue that battery capacity is being increased. But just see Samsung. Let us consider even S10+. It is just 7.8 mm and 175 grams with 4000 mAH battery (whereas OP's max. is 3700 mAH battery). I am NOT satisfied with this.I think OnePlus should implement Samsung's wonderful thought of introducing small (S10e), medium (S10) & big (S10+) when they have started entering in series mode. But this device is bigger and heavier than S10+. If you are size-minded or too much worried about bulkiness, this is not for you (forget about OnePlus 7 Pro...my god, 8.8 mm with 205 grams).4) No Pop-up Selfie Camera: Today almost all the companies have started to provide pop-up cameras even for budget phones and the biggest advantage of this is - full-screen display. Whereas this is NOT THERE on this OnePlus 7. Very sad. They could have charged little more for this and provided Pop-up Selfie Camera (just like in 7 Pro). I really think this is a big con in today's technology.5) Screen Guard: I saw a few people complaining protective film on OnePlus 7 Pro had bubbles and not applied properly. I think this is the case on this OnePlus 7 too. Because on my device also (although flat surface) have two air bubbles on the protective film. First time I am seeing this on OnePlus.VERDICT:Although OnePlus 7 has a few Cons, while considering the PROS and PRICE, IT IS VERY MUCH WORTH BUYING and really deserves 5 stars. Though OnePlus 7 Pro disappointed many, I am sure this will NOT disappoint, because it is really worth FOR THE PRICE WHAT YOU PAY. So definitely this device has saved OnePlus I feel.\n", "\nIt is so buttery smooth and insanely fast that i don't have words to describe whole experience... Just buy it you won't regret... Its better than OnePlus 7 Pro.\n", '\n\xa0it is getting heated and screen is blinking non stop\n', "\nPhone stopped working after 2 days. Not switching on. Please don't buy. Also not able to return.\n", "\nBought OnePlus 7 (8 GB variant) in first sale, using from more than 1 month, pretty impressed with OnePlus 7, sharing detail review:Display: 5/5Performance: 5/5Camera: 4/5Battery: 4/5Price: 5/51) DISPLAY: 6.4 inch AMOLED Full HD Plus display looks beautiful with waterdrop notch. Though it doesn't have 90hz display like Oneplus 7 Pro, but still 60 Hz display will not disappoint you.Mobile looks almost similar to OnePlus 6T.2) PERFORMANCE:Snapdragon 855:Performance is beast as it comes with Snapdragon 855 SOC, it is smooth, no lag issues so far.3) Oxygen OS: It is best, known for better performance, bloatware-free. Simply, Amazing!4) Ram management is awesome, keeps background apps in memory without force closing it.5) UFS 3.0: It improves performance, app open/close is faster, main advantage while transferring big size files from computer to mobile.6) It has Gorilla glass 6 on front & Gorilla glass 5 on back with aluminium frame on side.7) CAMERA: With 48MP f/1.7 (Sony IMX 586 sensor) rear camera, it clicks amazing outdoor pics & 16MP front camera gives good selfie output, but softens the face even if beauty mode:off.8) BATTERY: 3700 mAh capacity which gives 6-6:30 hour screen on time(SOT) with Internet ON all time. With light usage, it will surely give more than a day battery backup.In box 20 watt charger takes approx 80 minutes to charge from 0-100% battery.Battery backup is better than Oneplus 7 Pro, as because of 90Hz display PRO consumes more battery.9) Phone doesn't feel heavy like Oneplus 7 Pro.10) Face unlock works like charm, also In-display fingerprint is fast enough.11) Dual stereo speaker, powered by Dolby Atmos gives good loud output.12) Native screen recorder: It is really helpful, if you love to record your gameplay.13) Fnatic mode: boosts gaming performance.14) PRICE: This is the Main reason to buy OnePlus 7, as it offers great specs at price, less price than OnePlus 6T.Cons:- No headphone jack, which is deal breaker for me.- No USB type-c to 3.5mm jack adapter inside box.- No Physical Notification LED.- No IP rating (water resistant rating).Final Verdict: OnePlus 7 offers great features with flagship performance at given price, VALUE FOR MONEY!After using for more few days, will update review, incase of any issue.Alternatives: Other than Oneplus 7, you can wait for Redmi K20 Pro or Oppo Reno 10x which is already launched.Though K20 Pro will not give head to head competition with OnePlus but it is expected to be cheaper than oneplus.Let the Redmi K20 Pro launch, I'll buy it & will update review vs oneplus 7.\n", '\nphone has major heating issue goes to 60 deg and we can make omblet on the phone\n', '\n\xa0*Honest Review*Bought Oneplus 7 in the first sale.Delivered 2 days backUsing OnePlus for the first time. It is  just superb.Not easy to describe OnePlus 7 in a small review.Camera is fantastic.This is the first phone which is faster then the speed of my fingers :p33,000 is a handsome amount but i think this phone is value for money.If you are one who spend his good time using phone then this is best for you. Its processor saves time because now i am able to do work even more faster.Features you can easily check in product description.5/5 for camera.5/5 for processor.5/5 for shape.5/5 overall.\n', '\nMy first one plus product.Migrated from S8+ to this pure excellence.Everything is superb fast from opening to closing the app.Main Pros:1. superb lightning speed2. Great battery life. 6 hours of SOT.3.  Quick charging.Cons:1. Very bad camera.2. No LED indicator.\n', '\nOneplus, as always packs the pure raw power in their devices. Its slick, fast, smooth and much improved entertainment box now. It has stereo speakers but sadly no aux, along with that the saddest part is, there is no type c to aux dongle. Deducted two stars because of same charging speed as last year and aux missing.\n', "\n\xa0Is One Plus 7 the ultimate flagship killer, maybe yes till August or 2019 end.Is it worth to buy One Plus 7 now, YES it’s a steal deal price for people who want pure performance, latest resource, and decent camera an affordable rate.Below is my observation on One Plus 7 compared to devices like One Plus 7, One Plus 7 PRO and Oppo Reno 10x which are priced very similar. I have bought this One Plus 7 and also booked the Oppo Reno 10x. Let’s see how One Plus 7 fares in the market competition.CAMERA - FRONT==============👍\xa0 16MP f/2.0 25mm wide - camera is very good not excellent though.👎🏻\xa0 No popup and is a water drop design on the displayCAMERA - BACK=============🆗 \xa0Dual camera setup, but secondary camera is only a depth sensor with 5MP. Cannot use this second camera separately.👍\xa0 Primary camera is 48MP Sony IMX586 sensor, with f/1.7 aperture, has Optical Image Stabilization (OIS), and PDAF.🆗\xa0 Slow-mo: 4K at 60fps, 1080p video at 240fps, 720p video at 480fps. Not the greatest but still not bad at all.👎🏻 \xa0No optical zoom telephoto or ulta wide angle camera>> Use 'Gcam' for better photo than the stock Camera app. It drastically improves the software post processing.DISPLAY=======👍\xa0 6.41” size, 19.5:9 ratio👍\xa0 Optic AMOLED👍\xa0 Full HD+ 1080x2340 ~402ppi👍 \xa0Refresh rate of 60Hz👎🏻 \xa0Water drop NotchBATTERY & CHARGING===================🆗\xa0 3700 mAh Li-Po batter, Lasts for 5 hours on-screen time on heavy usage with videos, gaming and mobile data with sync.🆗 \xa0Fast charging 20WPROTECTION===========👍 \xa0Corning Gorilla Glass 6 – Front👍 \xa0\xa0Corning Gorilla Glass 5 – Back🆗 \xa0No IP rating but is supposed to have a coating that is water resistant. Warranty not covered due to liquid damage.MODEM & NETWORK==================🆗 \xa0Has Cat16 1024/150Mbps modem, same as 6T👍 \xa0Has all Indian Bands covered with dual VoLTE. No direct Video calling available, might come back as update.PROCESSOR, GPU, STORAGE & RAM=============================👍 \xa0Qualcomm Snapdragon 855, 7nm chipset, Octa-core (1x2.84 GHz Kryo 485 & 3x2.42 GHz Kryo 485 & 4x1.8 GHz Kryo 485)👍 \xa0Adreno 640👍 \xa0128GB with the 6GB RAM variant and 256GB with the 8GB RAM variant with UFS 3.0👎🏻 \xa0No expandable storage – no SD card support but 128GB should be enough for mostANDROID VERSION, OS & BLOATWARE===============================👍 \xa0Oxygen OS 9 on top of Android 9.0 (Pie)👍 \xa0No bloatwareOTHER FEATURES===============👎🏻\xa0 No 3.5 mm headphone jack. Only type C earphones can be used. No earphones comes with the box👍 \xa0Support Dolby Atmos👍 \xa0Stereo Speakers🆗 No infrared remote, most phones except LG, Xiaomi don’t have👍 \xa0Type C version 3.1👍 \xa0Bluetooth version 5 with aptX HD, A2DB, LEOVERALL - WORTHY BUY========\xa0 :::::::::::::::::::::👌🏼 \xa0\xa0A great phone for pure performance in terms of Processing.👌🏼 \xa0\xa0Absolute buy for anyone who is looking to into Gaming, Multiprocessing and applications that requires large resources like video editing on the go.👉 \xa0Decent camera but not a great one for now, hope updates will improve. Use gcam for better photos. So if camera is your primary requirement along with SD855 processor go with Oppo Reno 10x which has triple camera and 10x hybrid zoom.👉 \xa0If display is the most important with SD855 processor go with One Plus 7 PRO.\xa0 Ø In my perspective I loved the curved 2K display of One Plus 7 but that 90Hz (can be reduced to 60Hz) and 2K display is draining the battery faster and on-screen time is less than 4 hrs for high usage. Ø Better than Oppo Reno SD710 model which is at the same price. The Oppo Reno 10x 8GB RAM variant seems to be a better option, BUT only when you pre-book it with the offers and exchange. With Pre-booking you can get additional discount of 5K+old phone price, 10% (min Rs.4500) HDFC instance discount bringing the phone down to around Rs.40000. At this price you can get a bigger battery, higher RAM and storage, great telephoto lens with 10x hybrid zoom, a good ulta-wide camera and the flagship Sony IMX586 48MP camera which a great post-picture software processing and a Ultra Night Mode 2.0 for low light photography which is next to Huawei P30 PRO, but you won't get UFS3.0 storage which is not a big deal. Ø With even more money to spend the Samsung S10 PLUS version would be very good option than One Plus 7 PRO or Oppo Reno10x. And with surplus money the Huawei P30 pro (but no android or Google app updates after 3 months due to US restrictions on Huawei) for ultimate camera performance.Certainly One Plus 7 will be the best selling product of the year and totally worth for the price, and thanks for Amazon for the quick delivery and getting exclusive.\xa0❓ \xa0\xa0So is this the ultimate Flagship Killer? Maybe yes for now, but maybe not until Xiaomi’s Redmi K20 PRO releases by mid-July. But Xiaomi usually has a lot of bloatware and advertisements in app. We need to wait and see the comparison for the flagship killer awards. (Poco F2 that will be released soon will not use the SD855).\n", "\n\xa0Well, much awaited OnePlus really stood up the wait we all did.I won't go for the pros and cons! I will go with the feel this phone has which it's competitors such as Asus, Redmi, etc doesn't at all.Yes, there are some quirks but still this is valuable smartphone your hard earned money can really buy.Your money will be on the right side with this OnePlus 7, if you're in doubt which phone to buy in 35k budget.. go with this one hands down, eyes closed. This will you that premium feel.Clean crisp display, loud stereo speakers, super fast phone, nicer camera, fastest storage, etc.Pro tip: Install GCam for OnePlus 7 and click pictures as good as pixel phones. Trust me. You'll love your OnePlus more for this. It will significantly improve your phone's camera quality at par with flagships costing 60k.\n", '\nDisappointed!1. Camera - The back camera of 48MP and 5MP is completely bogus. It misses on clarity and detail.2. Heating issues : Update my phone, used camera in night mode and shooted a video in 4K 60 FPS. Believe me I was not able to hold the phone for sometime, it was really heated.Reported the issue to OnePlus, no reply since last two days.Tried reporting on Amazon App, it made me download a system testing app bit it failed to find the problem as well.\n', "\nBy far my best handset which I've used, earlier I was using iPhone 6s so I had very less expectations from oneplus as the smoothness which ios offers is really very hard to be offered by any other android phone except they are the flagships like s10+ or google pixel 3 but at the price range of 33k what more you expect, now let me specify what are the pros of it and will also tell the consProsThe display quality is goodThe os is very light(doesn't require a lot of space)Update(got an update as soon as I opened my phone of android pie)Camera quality is good thou while using portrait mode sometimes it forgets to blur or mistakenly blurs some areasSterio speakers are literally doing their job very wellI am currently running almost all apps of my phone but there is no stuttering at allConsNo headphone jackNo type c earphones or dongle includedCamera quality could have been slightly improved I ain't saying thats bad but while using night mode it produces image of soft toneAnd yeah that's the first time when I'm giving my review to any device which I'd bought onlineI hope that will help you guys 🙏\n", "\nPhone got dead suddenly and never turned on. Paying such Large price to get a substandard product is disappointing. Lot of buyers have complained in OnePlus community about this model getting dead and unreliable. I wouldn't have bought this defective model if i had read the community reviews. Highly disappointedPS : i owned a OnePlus 3T with no problems for 2.5 years and made my friends to go for 5T,6T,etc. Will never recommend this brand to anyone again\n", "\nOrdered the device yesterday and got that delivered to me in less than 24 hours.. Thanks to Amazon for such blazing fast delivery..Phone is just awesome.. if you are planning to buy a new smart phone then this is the one which I would recommend..Specs wise it's a flagship phone.. oxygen os is very fluid.. for me it's a big upgrade from oneplus 3 to oneplus 7..Love being with oneplus family.. thanks.. #oneplus #amazon #oneplus7\n", '\nVery bad experience , phone heateup. And not give packing USB c to 3.5 mm audio jack.very bad experience\n', "\nAs flagship it's nice to have all the new latest technology...This is my first low end price device..@I don't like display at all and that notch display irritating my mind...And now not interested to use this mobile ..@and if u are Samsung user and going to upgrade ..I will not suggest to upgrade..Why because samsung user settings interface is so nice ..This one plus user interface look like china device ..@perfomence wise it was good ..But if u see samsung or vivo v15 pro ..This display not up to mark...@i suggest before buying just have a look and buy..@even one plus has to change user interface it's same for all device...I am board with one plus..@not added any high end features.....I will give 1 star for this phone for screen and notch.@Display width is very less and  height little more..I don't like this device at any cost..\n", '\nI request the costumers to not buy it online as the replacement of a defective product is inconvenient to the costumer as the technician who visit for inspection share wrong information.I received a defective product and there have been two technician visits till now. Even the costumer support does not help. My return window has also closed now and the I am still using a defective product\n', "\nIf you are planning to upgrade your phone from OnePlus 5T & lower models, if you want to save money from your budget and if you are confused between 7 & 7pro, then definitely go for OnePlus 7. This is a much better upgraded version of low budget smart phone than any other phone in the market today.- Performance: Excellent 5/5- Features: Very Good 4.5/5- UI experience: Excellent 5/5- Battery: More than enough 5/5- Speakers: Better than a lot of earlier versions of OnePlus 4/5- Camera: Missing the wide angle lens & slight difference (lower end) in the nightscape, else pretty much same features to 7pro. Don't even try to compare it with Pixel 3- Weight: Very apt for a 6.4 inch screen smart phone. Much lighter than 7pro- RAM: 8GB version does superb with more than 100GB of applications. No lag at all.- Gaming: PUBG does really well with Ultra fps & HDR graphics. No lag at all even when connected with mobile data. (Unless ofcourse you are in some remote non-network areas).If you are ready to put 15k more for some more features than all above things, than you can buy 7pro. Else, this would most probably satisfy your needs as well as your wallet! Go for it..\n", "\nI just bought 1+7 2 days back... previously I was using samsung note 7 neo...after 6 years, I am changing my phone to one plus 7..but after buying this phone I really disappointed..I have heared lots of things about one plus..but when I started using it's not up to level of advertisement and what I have heared..Let's come to problems of 1+7, in this finger print unlock was dead lock, which we would open through password pattern2nd it's not accurate, it's taking lots of time to read of finger print and it take much more time when we add secondary finger print ( example your left hand finger print)3rd, we have dual speaker at bottom, where only 1 was working for songs & call's, really don't know the purpose of other speaker..4th,at dark face unlock doesn't work,where we need to use finger print/ password to unlock the phone\n", '\nThanks OnePlus for this awesome product...I just got this camera beast in my hand...the fastest phone I have ever used till date😍😍😍😍 just love the product..\n', "\nI was so confused between the OnePlus 7 and the Oppo Reno 10X Zoom, but finally, I made up my mind and bought the former. And there is no regret whatsoever! Here are a few reasons why I chose the OnePlus 7 over the Reno 10X Zoom.1. It has complete water-resistant seals and coatings, while the Reno 10X Zoom absolutely lacks any.2. The OnePlus uses a faster UFS 3.0 storage over the Reno's UFS 2.1. While there may not be a huge difference in app loading speeds, there are so many other benefits of the newer system, like faster app installation, significantly quicker file transfer and copy-paste operations.3. OnePlus uses high-quality AMOLED panel made by Samsung. On the other hand, Oppo has sourced out the Reno's display from some unknown Chinese manufacturer. While the display quality is not that different, the OnePlus 7's panel can get much brighter with adaptive brightness, which helps in superior outdoor visibility.4. The alert slider of OnePlus devices is quite useful for me.5. Personally, I am not a fan of the pop-out camera mechanisms. I have seen multiple Oppo/Vivo devices with malfunctioning selfie camera module flooding the service center in Kolkata. Apart from the durability concern, it makes the phone more prone to liquid damage and delays face unlock.6. I am a huge fan of Oxygen OS and appreciate OnePlus’s regular updates and bug fixes. The OnePlus phones actually become better with time. However, Oppo is known for missing update timelines and the icons of their Colour OS is absolutely distasteful.Lastly, features like DC diming, Fnatic Mode, etc. are quite useful indeed.That said, the Oppo Reno 10X Zoom does have some advantages.1. Its zoom camera actually comes handy in some situations.2. Oppo packs a decent Type-C earphone with the Reno 10X Zoom.3. The notch-less larger display looks fantastic.4. There is also an Rs. 3000 exchange bonus if you wish to give away an old Oppo smartphone.I could have also waited for the Redmi K20 Pro, but its lack of Optical Image Stabilization made my choice easier. Moreover, Xiaomi’s flash sale model is frustrating.Coming back to my OnePlus 7, it is a fantastic device with no lag or stutter whatsoever. The camera is quite good on its own and will get better with the upcoming update next week. Rest, you guys already know!!\n", "\nFirst thing it's with great effort I ordered my OP7. Surprisingly I received it next day. I was on high. But after setup I noticed that the sound of the caller is echoing & grid like I'm talking on speaker phone. Plus the volume increases and decreases automatically.Secondly I can't swipe from Speed Dial to call history to contacts. Have to check individual tab to navigate...All my excitement vanished after trying all the possible solutions.Feeling disappointed as I keep advocating n promoting OnePlus from last 4 yrs for its premium quality products and services.Regards\n", "\nI like the phone for its build, camera and performance. BUT I MUST SAY IT HAS VERY POOR BATTERY LIFE. Doesn't even last for a day while I'm not a heavy user. Disappointed.\n", "\nSo 3.5 years ago never thought that I will ever switch from iPhone to Android as I was a hardcore Apple fan but here I am thanks to one plus for making me to buy this and I hope that I will be loyal  more than iPhone. Now let's talk about this amazing one plus 7 that I bought on it's launch dayPros1) beautiful design. Feels good in hands2) super fast3) amazing camera after one plus 7 update4) ad free phone that I liked in iPhone5) battery amazingCons:Not yet discoverediPhone users go for it if u were searching something to change ur mindset about premium Android phones. This is far better than iPhone X\n", '\nBest phone, sarround sound is superb in 360 degree, worth to buy,,\n', '\nI have used 1+1, 1+X, 1+3T and 1+5T. Just got this beauty in hands yesterday evening and I would say its a class apart. Mirror grey finish looks awesome. Screen is brighter than its predecessors. I liked the stereo speakers output. Camera\'s first impression is good. Just one thing I didn\'t like is that OnePlus should have kept the size to 6" as it still feels big and bulky in hand. ATLEAST should have sized and weighted same like OnePlus 6.\n', "\nHello Buyers,This message is only for the people who has already bought the product from Amazon online.Amazon and OnePlus together are scamming  people who are buying OnePlus mobile on discounted price. Also to cover the cost of returns.OnePlus is selling it's defected products which has been failed in the quality check to Amazon on cheaper price. Because reprocessing a product which has been failed in quality check is very costly.Please check your device carefully there might not be any technical issue but it can be a polishing defect, poor colour quality, body is not painted properly, these type of issues can not be tested in any app. One more thing the device might be opened to repair something not functioning after manufacturing, so it's better to check back side of mobile if you can see any mark by screw driver or any other mobile opening tool.When you will ask for replacement then they will send you again the defective product. This is a new strategy, They are playing with mind of humans, some will keep it some will ask again for replacement or refund but Amazon will send you manufacturer link to contact them for repair. So be careful and ask them for replacement every time.I would like to suggest it's better to buy it from OnePlus store or croma after checking.\n", "\nPros: 1) Best processor - Lightning quick performance. Even beats OP 7Pro on benchmarks and speed due to the smaller display and smaller resolution.2) Fingerprint scanner and face unlock is fast as flash.3) Dash Charging is almost equal to the warp charger because of the charging speed after 50%.4) Screen On Time - 7 hrs for a typical use without adaptive battery settings on.5) Amazing display and amazing in hand feel.6) Camera is good but not up to the I phone or pixel level, but it's not a hardware issue, as this phone has the Sony IMX 586 sensors, it perform magically on Google Camera. So just matter of updates which will bring the camera level to top. Recently OP pro received the 9.5.7 camera update and it improves the camera to the level of the other flagships. So hopefully this will receive that update too.7) Oxygen OS 9.5.4 with Android Pie is smooth and better compared to stock Android though it retains the skin and features of stock OS.8) Not a tinge of heating at all. I can't remember a time when I had to flip the phone or feel a warmth on the body.9) Built quality is premium.10) I'm not a pop up camera fan. So I'm happy that I'm getting a tear drop notch instead. Saves a few battery for face unlock without the motorized cam.11) Stereo speakers is loud and clear. Sound quality with Dolby Atmos is lit.12) Call quality and noise cancellation is premium.13) Nightscape 2.O beats Google's Night Sight, in extreme dark conditions. So night photography is one of the best. Though Google pulls out in moderate lightning where it gives more natural edges and corners in the picture.14) No ads like Xiomi or other brands. The OS is premium and butter smooth. There are no bloatwares.15) One of the best device for gaming with gaming mode, best GPU, and added modes like fanatic mode.16) One Plus doesn't spend more on IP certification. This doesn't mean that the phone fails. Have any doubt, please check out the YouTube videos from multiple sources and you'll get to know that the device can withstand in water for long.17) Corning Gorilla Glass 6 on front, and Corning Gorilla Glass 5 at the back though the glass back can attract fingerprints. So recommend that you use the case provided which is decent.18) Gestures on Oxygen OS is heaven. Using navigation gestures can give you a full screen experience apart from the notch.19) One Plus is quite quick in updates. I received my first update on the receiving day itself.20) Optic AMOLED display is top quality. You'll not feel putting the phone down. ♥️21) Slow motion in 1080p at 240fps is available.22) The pricing of the phone is fair, and it's the best value for money if you can sacrifice a bit more storage or ram at 33k.23) Haptic feedback is top quality but not best compared to OP7Pro24) The delivery from Amazon was super fast. I got it delivered free in 48 hrs.Cons: 1) One Plus don't provide 3.5mm headphone jack anymore. But neither does it provide a USB 3.1 dongle or headphones in box.2) Camera bump is protruding, so you'll have to use the case that is provided to eliminate this issue.3) Stock Camera app needs to get proper updates to utilize the hardware to its maximum capacity. Hopefully in coming months if not days.4) Matte finish model is not available for 7 though it's available for 7Pro.5) If you love red color, you're not getting it for 33k. It's only available for 38k.6) The pre applied protector is quality one, but it is not a tempered glass. So you'll have to spend and extra 1000 to get the one plus designed tempered glass.7) The provided silicon case is premium, but not one which can give your phone the much better protection on falls. So you'll have to spend an extra 1k or 1.5k for a one plus made case.Device Review conclusion is that this is the best phone in categories like:1) Performance - Fastest Android device on earth now and speed tests with OP7Pro revealed that this set is slightly faster than 7 Pro because of the 60Hz display, and smaller screen size.2) Best value for money if you are one who bought the 128GB version, as there is UFS 3.O available and you can store your data to external drives or laptop.3) This phone is jack of all trades and master of few if not all things.4) Battery endurance5) Top Display for typical use and gaming.6) Uses one of the best camera sensors from Sony that's the Sony IMX 586.7) Night photography with Nightscape 2.O. is one of the best in business right now.8) UI is superb.10) Customer care support is 24x711) Cutomizations are premium.12) Practical buy than it's elder brother Pro. This handset maintained the tagline Flagship Killer with it's pricing and features adopted from 7Pro.Things you'll miss out from One Plus 7Pro -1) An ultrawide angle lens which we don't use in 90% of photography.2) A 90Hz refresh rate, which is amazing but drains your battery by one third.3) A bazeless display given that the Pro uses a motorized pop up camera. But 7 uses a camera notch which is quicker than 7Pro in terms of face unlock and saves a bit on battery.4) A 300 mah more on battery, but endurance wise not better than 7. Also it adds to the weight of the phone as 7Pro weighs 200+ grams and 7 weighs 180+5) Curved edges and Horizon notification lightning is available in 7Pro which we miss on 7.6) The upper speaker grill is quality plastic on 7 and metallic on 7Pro. Not an issue.7) Sim Tray is plastic in 7 but metallic in 7Pro. Not an issue.8) You'll get a slightly bigger screen on 7Pro. But I don't appreciate too big screen sizes. So happy with this one personally.9) You'll be getting a 20w dash charger with 7 and 30w warp charger for 7Pro. But after 50% dash charging speed beats the speed of warp charger and finish the job in a better rate compared to warp.10) You'll get a Matte finish variant in 7Pro which you won't get in 7.11) In 7Pro there is no camera bump protruding as much on 7.Camera Review:Potrait mode in daylight - Stock Camera brings the best bokeh effect and natural colors. While the GCam color tends to be warmer and bokeh effect is missed in most cases.Normal Camera Mode - The Stock Camera brings natural colors and better exposure but GCam beats in better dynamic range, better details. But GCam lags by having a warmer tone and poor exposure.Selfies in Potrait and Normal mode - GCam gives more of a natural color in artificial lighting conditions than Stock Camera but it is beaten by Stock Camera in outdoor conditions. Always use the Bokeh effect in GCam or Stock cam for selfies as it brings out the best picture.Nightscape 2.O is an absolute killer in extreme dark conditions, where GCam struggled to pull out details. But in moderate lightning conditions use the GCam as it brings a more natural color tone, more natural edges, and more details with better exposure. Also in normal night photography, Nightscape 2.O brings better exposure and better lighting but struggles when it comes to natural edges, and natural details.To conclude, the device has a camera hardware which is extremely good and the comparison tests revealed the same. A few software updates can solve the existing cons given what you have on table right now. For the meantime it's the preference of the user whether he can sacrifice few things between using GCam and Stock Camera app.\n", "\nThe phone has a major  issue with the earpiece speaker. One half of the earpiece doesn't work at all so you are not able to hear from right side, making it impossible to take calls, from the right side . This kinda of glitch is not expected from Oneplus. Pls do not buy this phone.\n", '\nDeducted 1 star as the manufacturer should have included the Type C to 3.5mm converter in the package.Overall a beast at a good price range.\n', '\neven after putting return/replacement request 3 times it did not started the process and now its closed for return/replacement.as so much hyp in market phone do not set bench mark. heavy drain in battery once 100% charged and getting discharged in less than 8 hr. screen flicks and google play goes out off function randomly. touch works random you are going somewhere it take you somewhere. overall not worth putting so much money as expected from ONEPLUS.also video and voice recorder have inbuilt harsh background sound that you can notice very clearly if even you do record in really quit place.\n', "\nAfter a day use i find out followingBox useful things: Phone, charger & wire, sim ejector, phone cover & preapplied screen guard.Cons:- There is no C type to 3.5mm jack in the box which is very disappointing and more disappointing is, its not even available not in retail store or Online store.And none of the One plus customer care have any idea when it gona be available. Now i become sitting duck with my expensive 3.5mm headset. If you buy third party converter you might have multiple issues like microphone won't work. Giving 3 star just for this.-Finger print seems little less reponsive sometimes may be because iam keeping the preapplied sticker.-Battery backup is okay i say. For Full charge you get 26 hours battery life. In which 9 hours usage and remaining stand by.- Charging- It took 20minutes to reach 40% from zero and 30 more for full. Expected little more speed.-Phone overheat one time by simple Hotspot, app usage not even playing game. There claim of remain cool is wrong reducing one more starPros:-One plus switch app helps the 80% phone migration easier.-Display is good-Camera is better for this price range. Low light is good-Speed is awesome-Face recognition is cool. It even respond well with phone not facing you properly which worries me also.Overall iam happy but headset jack sh*t me.\n", "\nOver all performance is good but not excillent then my 5T.It's not worth for 38K price.Some features are good and improve better then previous version and storage of phone is good.\n", '\nWas using OnePlus2, yesterday got OnePlus 7. Updated OS & all other apps. After using for couple of hours, got little disappointed.Check below stuff:1. Der is no 3.5mm port; & no Type C to 3.5mm AUX connector2. Camera: Timelapse video: not smooth compared to MotoG5 S+ or other app3. Camera: Slowmotion video: i felt OnePlus2 was better4. Camera: Night mode photo & other mode is not great, its normal. Portrait mode is awesome5. Flash light: again OnePlus2 takes the lead6. Felt little heavy, still fits into pocketHighlights:1. Full screen display is majestic2. Photo portrait mode is awesome (u cant zoom)3. Many options in camera, yet to discover4. Zoom: for trial camera zoom seems good.\n', "\nIt's very fast mobile as I was using 6T but the only inconvenience is that they do not provide C-type earphone connector otherwise it is classiest mobile for use.Nightscape is really wonderful\n", '\nNot worth at all.. The screen touch sensibility sucks.VIVO cell of 10k is far far better with performance with regards to cell performance.3gb ram of other cell is pretty much fair than this 8gb ram of one plus.I have purchased 8gb, 256 gb one plus 7 - seriously wasted 38k for sure.better would have opted for a MI of close to 10-15k which would have given a better performance.Seriously not sure, what sort of a QA (Software and hardware both) testing team does One plus have in their end.touch sensitivity of Apps suck as well, try minimizing a video in FB APP - needs a minimum of 4 tries.I can comfortably show minimum of 50 defects which the QA team has missed while testing this product in hardware and software compatibility both.Overall cell stinks. Wish these comments are directly sent to the QA Product manager handling the test team.\n', '\n\xa0My mobile Display screen is not waking up It is looking Blank but I can use the mobile by blindly touching. All of my touches on the screen is working and all other activities can be done while it is in blind condition . When anyone calls or text me I can hear the sound and feel the Vibrating feedback. I can able to take call and also then if am touch the display i can get vibrating feedback. But my display is full on dead condition.Note that There is no any physical damage are nothing on my device.\n', "\nPhone js awesome as expected! But the sad part is that we don't get any usc c to 3.5mm connector, which is really frustrating.\n", '\nFor this price. Oneplus 7 is good.Adv...1-Amoled display2-Super dual speekers3-Fast charging4-Premium LookCons...1-Dual camera setup.second camera only for depth sensing2-Battery only 3700 (most flagship 4000or above)3-No headphone jack4-No type c to 3.5mm jack coverter( Buy Bluetooth headset along with it)Overall good mobile\n', "\nI've been using it for 2 days now and this seems to be the perfect one. The camera is unbelievable, the RAM management and battery backup, everything is splendid\n", '\nCompletely disappointed with the camera. 👎👎👎There is a delay after clicking which makes the pictures blur if the object moves. Waited for long to buy this phone. Being an artist.. Good camera and quality pictures was my requirement. One Plus 7 totally failed my expectations 👎👎👎So guys if u are buying this phone for camera... A BIG NO NO.... DO NOT BUY as you will be majorly disappointed with the delay after clicking.Battery life is good. Finger print reader is not so great. Takes time to recognise.\n', "\nMic is not working properly on speaker mode during call. Other person can't hear properly. It's so annoying and frustrating. Even they are not returning the phone, even though i asked them to use the same money so that i can buy a new phone from Amazon by adding more money if required.\n", '\n\xa0I\'ve bought the product on 26th June. The device is not working smoothly and hanging a lot. Check out the video. The device stuck in this position until it fully discharged.This is my 1st OnePlus device and I\'m really disappoint.Is this what they call "NEVER SETTLE"?...\n', '\nWas eagerly waiting for this phone. Thanks Amazon for such a speedy delivery (in about 26 hours).  Here are some Pros and Cons.Pros:- Quick Fingerprint unlock. Already fallen in Love with this. It’s stunningly fast.- Oxygen OS experience is very smooth with zero lags.- UFS 3.0.- Very Loud and crystal clear Stereo speakers. The speaker grill at the top looks amazing. It is just an icing on the cake.- Drop notch design. I am very happy that they went for this. I do not like pop up cameras.- Good Packaging, with a silicon cover.Cons:- Phone neither has a 3.5 jack nor any USB C to 3.5mm converter in the box. They should have included it, it is very much required.- Camera is good but not in par with the other flagships. Pixel has a single camera but has amazing detailed photos. OP hopefully would work on the software/processing part.- Glass back attracts a lots of fingerprints.Overall: The phone is perfectly priced with the features it is offering. OP7 has everything Speed, Stereo speakers, promised updates, best screen size with best build quality at the best price. A worthy purchase after all at this price.\n', '\nAmazing performanceGood battery lifeGreat camera\n', '\nJust one drop and screen shattered utter nonsense.Screen costs 17K wtf daylight robbery by oneplus.Better I will sell on old n buy K20\n', "\nI bought this mobile one plus 7 yesterday. My ringtone is permanently on mute mode and it won't budge. When I googled on how to resolve, found many complaints with same issues. Amazon, what are you going to do about selling defected set. U received this set last night at 9pm.. Now it is 8:28am\n", '\nAwesome...Smooooth & Crispy. My best experience of superfast smartphone. Winner of all smartphone.You ll nvr see loading...window. Everythinh is happens on your fingertips. Battery backup is superb . Almost for 1 n half day . It depends on your daily uses. No need to talk about software. Super Amoled Display produces vibrant colors. Comparision to 6T , Oneplus 7  Display is improved.Overall A Premium Smartphone with Flagship Features. Love You Oneplus. Never Settle\n', "\nEditing my reviewI have bought this device 1 month ago and today immediately after charging when I was using my one plus 7 the screen was not working and now it's not responding even it's charged 80% the buttons are working fine and when I am calling from other devices it's ringing  but still screen is totally blankSo I will advice you guys please don't buy this smartphone because this is the bad issue in this phone 😡I can say that this is totally a beast smartphone according to current generation of 2019 smartphones market I really loves one plus quality just need to increase more camera quality and please update the front flash also otherwise phone is totally awesome\n", '\nI am here to talk about problems only. ( with in 20 days )1. Performance is good but sometime app crashing problem and in gaming 2-3 times a day.2. Camera is ok but its stability is not good, if your hand move slightly it will blur the picture.3. Fingerprint reader not working properly sometime then you need to type password.Anything you want to know reply me\n', '\nDefective product, getting all kind of useless things from Amazon support. Struggling to get the replacement of phone\n', "\nWriting it after 10 days of uses.1. Don't believe on any reviews on youtube or DxoMark's rating of camera. Its all fake.2.Even after multiple OS update OnePlus is unable to improve the camera performance.3. I was using S7 edge before buying this one but believe me S7 is way better in camera.Cons:1. The first thing you will notice while taking a picture is the shutter lag. If you are taking photos indoor you will not be able take a single usable pic due to shutter lag. Almost all the pics will be blurred and out of focus.2. It has focus problem and camera is always trying to focus. Never faced this issue with my S7 edge.3. Incorrect skin tone specially in indoor lighting. An average user take photos of people but OnePlus is more focused on non-human subject. Go and check all the sample images shared by OnePlus. Even they have created one user poll with images and all the images were of non-human subject.4. Video: Field of view is narrow then the most of flagship phone. And strange thing is Feild of view of 30FPS video is more narrow than the 60FPS video. This force user to record video in higher frame rate which consume more space and battery. Raised this to OnePlus but got no response.For those who don't know about field of view, its the visible area which will be recorded by camera. With OnePlus 7 if you are recording video of any birthday celebration you will have move further away to cover all the people in the video.5. SloMo: I used this feature the most to capture the amazing moment of my son playing. But in OP7 i tried it once and the video was horrible. There was no focus in the video and skin tone was also not correct. It also doesn't give you any option to change the speed of slomo part.Pro:1. Battery is good and i am getting 7hrs of SOT without any gaming.2. Phone is fast but that is just a gimmick. The phone doesn't have any feature its just a bare android OS and for everything you will have to install separate app. It doesn't even show you the RAM utilization. Lol.Final verdict: Stay away if you are buying it for camera. Put your money on some other phone. OP7 has good hardware and might be possible that after multiple OS update they improve the camera (Finger crossed). But i don't feel comfortable in being a guinea pig. OnePlus should have done some testing before launching the product but instead they have served a half baked product.\n", "\nThis was delivered to me a day after ordering.This is the Oneplus device that can be called a flagship killer as Oneplus7 Pro is a flagship in itself. Launched cheaper than what 6T was launched at.Pros:Great battery lifeAmazing performance with Snapdragon 855Premium design. Not as premium as flagships but still good enough.Impressive rear and front cameraIn display fingerprint scanner is really fast compared to 6T.Cons:No headphone jack and now Oneplus won't provider a converter too.In display scanner behaves weird when using the less dominant hand.Here's my review after 2 days of personal experience  full usage as below:Weight: 8/10OS: 10/10Screen size: 7/10 (A bit too big for my liking, but that's my personal preference)CPU: 10/10 (Market leader Snapdragon 855)Performance: 10/10 (Certainly the top tier as of now)Storage: 10/10 (you'll get approx 114 gb for use)Battery: 9/10 (Can easily last a day)Rear camera: 10/10( Camera bumped up to 48MP primary and 5MP secondary)Front camera: 9/10In display fingerprint scanner: 8/10(If youFace unlock: 10/10I hope this will be helpful.\n", '\nVery disappointed by oneplus7. Even at this price u are not getting earphones. Worst thing.\n', '\nJust got my #Oneplus 7 delivered....Display has 2 spots, Visible in bright sunlight with white wallpaper.All together a good phone. But camera is not as good as my Galaxy S7!!!😭😭😠😠My buy back plan is still not delivered\n', '\nScreen protector is not proper.  Air beens all over screen.\n', '\nBest phone nice camera quality and awesome speed no one can beat it\n', "\nI booked it on 4th itself and received it on 5th morning by 8. I have been using it for past 2 days and the one thing that stands out is speed. It's very snappy in everything and the oxygen os is simple yet effective no unnecessary apps or ads anywhere. Speakers are improved quite a lot, the amoled screen is simply superb. But there is still one thing where this phone falls and those are cameras , even after having 48mp primary camera I had expected a lot from it as it's a flagship product but it didn't reach the expectations but we will be getting an update ota soon where the OnePlus has promised to make the camera performance the best.\n", "\nOnePlus 7 is the first time the company has competed on features – not on priceOnePlus 7 is an ambitious, brawny, beautiful flagship that shows what this spunky start-up is capable of when it's not designing a budget-conscious device. The display is gorgeous, the handset is blink-and-you'll-miss-it fast, and the dash Charging is unmatched. However, there are other areas where the OnePlus 7 isn't quite on the same level as similarly priced rivals like the Samsung Galaxy S10e and iPhone XR – there's no wireless charging, no expandable storage, no adjustable bokeh blur in Portrait Mode, no IP Rating for water resistance... the list goes on. There's a lot to love here, Price, UFS Storage and many more....REASONS TO BUY+Buttery Smooth 60Hz Display+Flawless, Google-beating performance+dash Charing is astoundingly quick+Gorgeous design and colourwaysREASONS TO AVOID-No wireless charging-No IP rating\n", "\nso I got this oneplus 7 28 last month And it has got some real bad heating issues the battery is at a temperature of easy 34-36 but the CPU went  as high as 54 and since my app didn't record it now but it has also gone up to 72 degree Celsius once and Amazon people are not taking this seriously because they are only checking the temperature of my battery which is actually not heating the main problem here is coming in the the CPU itself but they are not concerned about it oneplus suggested me to replace the phone  but Amazon is not at all compatible with my requests  they checked my phone a couple of times and then and after checking the temperature of the battery they are like it's ok that's fine but the real problem still stays my phone is still getting heated in my hand and this is real issue it is getting heated while normal charging normal talking on the phone playing small games basically..... Wtf are u doing amazon\n", '\nAfter using it Shorter time ,IM very impreseed with crisp display And crystal clear Dolby atom sound...Loved it..Great product ..Screen is very smooth..Just now updates done to improve function and camera features. On screen fingerprint is supper fast. Once again I realy loved surround sound effect\n', "\nSwitched from the poco-f1 to OP with this. Here are the differences.LikesScreen - better, definitely. Displays and colors (the notch doesn't bother me much)OS - Oxygen OS is buttery smooth with no bloatware. I can use this without rooting and debloating the phone (Xiaomi is unusable without debloating)OS again - some aspects of Oxygen OS are better. Don't see anything where it's worse offCamera - no opinion, but other users claim this is betterSpeed - noticeably faster, but maybe because this is a newer gen SOCCharging - this dash charge is really something. Took me twenty minutes to go from ~20% - 83%DislikesBattery life - the Poco used to last all day long, this doesn't really last as longToughness - this feels far more delicate than the poco.Expense - the proprietary fast charge tech is a tad bit irritating. You have to buy their charger and cable. Accessories, service plans etc are a little overpriced really.Headphone jack - really? Seriously you've skipped this?Verdict?The OS and charging speed are wins. The battery life and expensive accessories and jack are major drawbacks.Family member is still using the poco and I might just go back to it.I still give 4 stars because the phone is actually good if you're coming from a lower specced phone. If you're coming from a flagship and a top end snapdragon, this would drop down to 2 stars\n", '\nWorthless product..... and customer care serviceGetting heat and taking too long getting chargedStill customer  care says there is no problem with the phone and charge it putting on switch off modePathetic wastage of money\n', '\nCamera quality is not good.\n', "\nUsing this mobile for couple of days..This mobile is fluid and very smooth.. Very gud batter backup with decent camera.. Installing Gcam mod  on OnePlus 7 elevates the photo quality much higher.. When it comes to display,it looks sharp and vivid but not the greatest display in the market..Talking about the software experience there is no compromise in Oxygen Os..Well the stereo speaker setup is not the loudest but the audio quality is Rich and loud enough.. of course PubG lovers will be extremely happy with this device since I'm able to play at ultra high frame rate with HDR graphics.If u want to get a very practical device without spending extra bucks then go for this beast #Oneplus7🔥🔥OnePlus has done a very great job this time 😊😊\n", '\nThe best you can get in 36500 INR. You will get1. 8 gb ram2. 256 gb hdd, future proof for at least next 4 years.3. Latest powerfully snapdragon 855 processor with ufs 3.0 support which in combine with 8 gb ram, makes a very fast, fluid, buttery user experiet.4. Oxygen OS is a charm, easy to use and good to eyes.5. Display is very good, vibrant and smooth. Color reproduction is accurate.6. Camera performance is good, low light photography is awesome.Overall this is my first oneplus 7 and I am happy to take the right decision to get it.\n', '\nI received the phone yesterday and found that I cannot hear the voice when phone is placed on ear.Even after calling Amazon customer care instantly,I am been asked for a inspection which is scheduled 4 days from today and then replacement.It was better if we could test our phones before receiving them from delivery boy.Feeling cheated.\n', "\nwhat the hell is wrong with one plus i have bought the first phone in my city udhampur and didn't got any thing with it hah?? no otg headphone cable no tempered no jio data voucher i want one of them otherwise i'll rate it low in my city .... and will directly affect the sale pf your prices in jammu onwards\n", '\nThis is the best budget premium phone money can get you. Sleek and premium. I purchased this on Day 1 sale.Pros-1. Oxygen OS is fast. Provides good gesture support similar to stock UI.2. Fnatic mode is so helpful for gamers. Joyful to play pubg.3. Rear Camera photos have details and clarity.4. In screen fingerprint sensor is quick.5. Better RAM management.6. Good haptic feedback. Typing is so fun.7. Here is what I noticed personally, the app installations seem quicker. Not sure if internet is the factor or the UFS 3.0. overall the device is snazzy and fast.8. I use the setting for hiding the notch with statusbar and it looks like there is no notch on the device.7. Battery is decent 3700mah. Gets you through the day.8. Zen mode kind of alerts you if you are at the phone for 2 hrs or more. I like that.Cons till now.1. Charging cord length is small.2. No earphone jack. I miss that.3. Camera needs an update in terms of how they are processing the image. Unwanted reddish appearance for human subjects in selfies.\n', "\nI purchased OnePlus 7, 256gb varient, red color.The first thing I noticed is the speed.. It is mind blowing, really love the phone for that. It is really beyond speed (their tagline)Secondly, the Battery, on normal use it lasts for 1.5 day and when used intensely, it lasts for 24hrs.Uploaded battery details after one week use.Display is really nice, you can watch 4k content easily.Apps run smooth like butter.Speakers are loud and clear. It is so loud that it gives minor vibrations to the phone which personally I didn't like.Camera is above average, clicks really good pics. I miss the wide angle option.No major heating while charging or playing games.Gestures option are very cool.Phone has scratch gard already installed and has good quality silicon case. No headphones or type-c to 3.5mm converter..that's sad.Worth every penny.Just buy it and relax for next 2 years.\n", '\nI bought this phone as soon as it went on sale. It\'s kind of an initial review, based on 2-3 days of usage.So, for first impressions, OnePlus 7 is a great phone. It is a true "flagship killer", a worthy successor of the OnePlus 6T, and most importantly, the best value for money OnePlus 7 series smartphone in the market, when compared to its elder brother, the OnePlus 7 Pro. I bought the 8 GB RAM, 256 GB Storage variant, the original price of which is INR 37,999 and the same variant for OnePlus 7 Pro costs INR 52,999. The things you get for the extra 15k you pay are:1. Larger, better screen with better resolution (Curved QHD display with 90 Hz refresh rate)2. 2 more camera lenses (Wide angle and Telephoto lenses)3. Pop-up selfie camera4. 300 mAh more batteryFor me, camera is not a priority on my phone, and the extra battery doesn\'t serve much, as the larger screen and better resolution display consume much more than that. Thus the overall battery life in the 7 Pro eventually becomes  lesser than that of OnePlus 7. No doubt, the 90 Hz display will give you a much smoother experience, while browsing, scrolling and in some games also (Note: PUBG, Asphalt 9 etc. do not support 90 Hz refresh rate). Otherwise, you get all the best features that are in 7 Pro. So personally, I don\'t feel that the OnePlus 7 Pro is worth that extra money. Best features you get in the OnePlus 7 that are exactly same as the 7 Pro are:1. Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 Octa Core Processor2. Adreno 640 GPU3. UFS 3.0 Storage4. Fnatic Mode (Extreme Gaming Mode)5. Zen Mode6. 48 MP Primary Back Camera with  Sony Sensor7. 16 MP Front Camera with Sony Sensor8. Dual Stereo Speakers with Dolby Atmos9. Screen RecordingWith these features on the OnePlus 7, it already becomes an absolute beast of a phone. The combination of the highest quality CPU and Oxygen OS, gives you the smoothest and cleanest of experience you\'ll ever have in any Android smartphone currently in the market (even smoother than the Google Pixel 3 series and the Samsung S10 series). Looks wise, it is almost identical to its predecessor OnePlus 6T, with slightly changed keys positions and a little more camera bump (not a problem for me). OnePlus should have increased the 3700 mAh battery, but that\'s ok, it doesn\'t bother much, unless you play games for very long period of time.Listed below are some Pros and Cons of the OnePlus 7:PROS:  1. Display is quite bright, no issues in viewing in bright sunlight  2. Smooth scrolling and browsing experience  3. Great RAM management  4. Faster and extremely responsive under-display finger-print sensor  5. Faster, more accurate face unlock feature  6. Gaming experience is excellent (specially with the Fnatic Mode on)  7. Cameras are descent enough, clicks sharp and clear images  8. Better nightscape and portrait modes  9. Feels really good and comfortable to hold in one hand10. Corning Gorilla Glass 6 and 5 protection at front and back respectively11. Zen Mode is a really nice feature to keep you away from the phone for some time12. Faster file transfer and app opening (due to the UFS 3.0 storage)CONS:  1. Speakers are not that loud  2. No 3.5 mm headphone jack  3. OnePlus didn\'t even provide a USB Type-C to 3.5 mm dongle in the box  4. Camera is not as good as Google Pixel 3 series or Samsung S10 series or Huawei P30 Pro, but can surely competeOverall, the OnePlus 7 is worth buying. Based on my usage till date, I\'m extremely satisfied with it and I would highly recommend it. If you already have a OnePlus 6T, you need not upgrade to OnePlus 7. But if you are planning to change your old phone and buy a new one, go for the OnePlus 7. It\'s indeed the best value for money smartphone with premium features.\n', "\nThe camera quality is super bogus.. first time i opted for OnePlus and guess what, I regret.. the camera result is nowhere near to even 12 mp of my Samsung s8 plus..Battery doesn't run for half day even,with normal use..sometimes I feel like is this real OnePlus after reading other reviews... But then this is what I have received.. for obviously too high cost, very bad product... Don't go with the reviews .. real phone is not worth itOr the co doesn't wanna improve the camrra, just keeps updating phone camera, but no improvement...Don't trust the reviews\n", "\nActually I never bought any cellphone of having cost 33000 because I thought why should I invest su ch a big amount in a cellphone as other phones of ranging between 10-15k gives same features.But when I switched to Oneplus . I realised that why the price of this phone is too high.Firstly, while I was unboxing the phone I was quite excited and when I handled it , it looked awesome that grey shiney look at the back is fabulous.Camera quality is just mesmarizing as it have 48+5 mp camera.The great thing about this model is it's processor. Oneplus gives 855 snapdragon processor with 6gb ram which is sufficient for gaming lovers.And it's major plus point it's charging adapter it is 30watt 3.2mA charger. My phone charged 0-90% in just 30-35 minutes.It has also some Cons oneplus did not provided any type c to 3.5 mm converter.The camera extrusion is quite thicker than 6T.Overall performance is great.You will not get these features in any other devices in this range.So,Just go for it...Thank you.\n", "\nThis mobile is for left handed use only as instead of having a large opening of earpiece (above selfie camera) you can't hear properly while using in right ear as in the left part of earpiece the volume is too low and USB C-Type port is not fixed in it's place which is not expected. Fingerprint reader having issues as it does not working properly every time. Even if I ignore issues with C-Type port or finger print reader it can't be ignored the issue with earpiece as Amazon is telling that this is the design and this phone is made for left handed persons only !!\n", "\nI am very happy with the product. But what's the meaning of phone without headphone jack or connector. If we are buying the phone of 50000, the company cant even provide us the connector for earphone? I would suggest not to go for this phone until and unless they have a solution for this. Before buying this phone just think why didn't they provide Type C earphone or connector. If we are spending more than 30K on any phone. We expect all accessories for the same.\n", "\nWorst phone I have ever used, bought on 7th of July and it is already hanging. Many apps don't world properly. Default calling app is forced close every time. After making a call give phone at least two minutes to get ready, back button will not work many a times. I am not a gamer, just wanted a simple phone. But what should I do of a phone which doesn't allow you make call properly?? no return policy of Amazon is there so I have to tolerate it for no reasons.\n", "\nFinally the wait was over for me when Oneplus 7 went on for sale. While Oneplus 7 Pro is beautiful and no less than a flagship, this one is a big value for money. It is a total beast when it comes to performance and gaming. The camera is very decent and produces vivid photos. While I would have loved to have the Pro, I have no complaints at all with the OP7 given that you can save 16k and enjoy the same processor and GPU. Also, 60Hz refresh rate is good enough. My gaming monitor had the same refresh rate and guess what it's good enough. Somehow the Pro seems to be an overkill and a slightly overpriced version.I'm glad that Oneplus launched this phone. Oneplus always had the reputation of a flagship killer and not a flagship maker. This phone lives up to that reputation.\n", "\nIt's really a good productMissing notification LEDCamera quality & battery backup is really good\n", '\nYeah Of course this is a great phone. Awesome performance.But there is not Type C headphone converter provided, and it is not available on OnePlus online store or Outlets also. They are saying it is out of stock, when they do have mobile phone and wireless earphone in stock.@OnePlus Are you forcing us to buy wireless earphones??\n', '\nThe new Oneplus 7 appears almost identical to Op 6t and I felt difficulty to find out a noticeable difference at the first glance, except for the colour. Even the official OP 6t flip cover and tempered glass protector fit nicely with OP 7, but you can’t use the back case because of the placement of the power switch, alert slider and volume rocker. My observations after a day of moderate to heavy use are:1. Design and look: Not new to a OP 6t user like myself, but Mirror Grey colour is more appealing than the Mirror Black. Buttons are better placed than OP 6t.2. Fingerprint scanner and face unlock are faster and more responsive.3. Appears a bit faster but I failed to detect any commendable difference from OP 6t.4. Sound output is definitely better.5. Camera performance is slightly better than OP 6t, but focusing suffers in low light situation. Low light performance has been improved (see photo attached) but needs further improvement. Hope, the problem will be solved by future updates.6. Video quality has been improved but still not comparable to its competitors.7. Battery back up appears to be slightly better than OP 6t possibly due to 7nm Snapdragon 855 SOC, but it is too early to make any inference.8. Excellent value for money; at 33000 bucks it’s a hot cake.9. Absence of a USB C to 3.5 mm audio adapter in the box is a great disappointment.10. I did not test its gaming performance, but it will be at least as good as OP 6t.Its too early to arrive at any inference, but it’s a nice flagship phone for day to day use. However, in my opinion, the existing OP 6t users may ignore the new OP Avtar as this one is a good but not great upgrade. I will make a full list of my observations after using it thoroughly.\n', '\nI ordered the phone a week back, and it started showing up battery issues...from 100 to 50% the battery used to drain in an hour or two.I called amazon for placing the return request before the deadline, they didn’t take the return request saying me to troubleshoot and come back.Now that I have done everything and still the issue persist, the customer service now says the replacement cannot be done as the deadline is over.Unexpected response from Amazon.One plus anyhow is not worth buying for\n', "\nI am extremely disappointed with my experience of ordering oneplus 7 from Amazon.In my first order, I received a tampered package that I had to reject. On Prime day, I decided to give Amazon a second chance and ordered the OP7 again. This time the package was fine and well sealed, but the phone was not. The back side of the phone had a dent or hole of some sort that was inside the glass coating. The damage is clearly visible and I cannot imagine such a phone could have passed quality check.Either Oneplus's quality check is pathetic or they are assuming that Indian crowd will accept such cosmetic issues and continue to use the phone.I am paying full price for this phone, so I expect a perfect product not some damaged piece.\n", "\nThis isn't totally a review. You'll find the appraisals elsewhere because honestly you know it's a great phone for the price. So I'll write about some of the technical issues I faced over time. Maybe it's not the same experience with everyone but my OnePlus finds it difficult to adjust the auto brightness mode by itself. It's so annoying at times.Fingerprint sensor is okay but not as great as Samsung's.Camera should have better software. Guys chant about pictures like DSLR's and having awesome blur effect but neither google can flawlessly blur background except for simple selfies or objects like a Rubik's cube or a flower taken in macro. These technologies are developing and I hope future OnePlus version will have proper camera algorithms.And guys if you prefer wired earphones because they don't run out of battery or better value for money, then sorry but these phones don't come with 3.5 mm audiojack and they are not currently selling the type c to 3.5 mm converter even on official OnePlus store. It's been out of stock for months -_-(Ps. Apparently, everyone can easily buy wirelessOP bullets earphones because they can afford buying OP phones 😒, so much for the flagship vibe)\n", "\nAt first look i found no difference between 6T and this.The only improvement was supposed to be camera which i personally didnt enjoy much.Battery backup is bad - and heats while charging. Never had that issue with 5.Fingerprint reader which on screen is slow - however it was slow in 6T also.The c type to 3.5mm audio converter isn't provided in the box nor is available on the One plus website in case you have a thing for original.\n", "\nAfter using 1 month I am feeling I have been cheated by OnePlus.Hanging is a Big issue I also went to OnePlus service centre they have updated my system software but still getting lagging .You can't chat more than 5 minutes on any chat application after 5 minutes keypads will not work and mobile will start to hanging.camera is wrost & Camera bump is very big.Mobile is lagging for continue 5 minutes of  messanger use .Costumer service is not responding on lagging issue he just Said restart mobile.Display brightness  is also not working properly .Very heavy in weightDidn't look premium.\n", '\nProduct is really good but not giving ear phones is bad atleast a jack is not provided.\n', "\nPros :-1. Speed - Its buttery smooth!!!2. Display - Super bright and colors are awesome3. UI and OS - Its very simple,stable and customizable. Even small animations are really good.I just love OxygenOS.4. Build quality5. Camera - Stock camera app is not so great. Installed GCam and it is superb. You can really feel a big difference. Low light images and portraits are just awesome.6. Battery - I just need to charge once in 24 hrs. Getting a 7 hr plus screen on time.7. Call quality8. Ringer switch9. Fast charging10. Performance - Never felt any lagCons :-1. Speakers : Even if it is very loud it feels very flat during notifications2. Absence of 3.5mm jack. Could've provided a dongle which I had to buy separately.3. Camera bump on the back. Had to buy a case.4. Front cam and teardrop notch- Front cam is good but not that great.5. Fingerprint sensor - Having issue sometimes. But it is blazing fast most of the times though.Overall : Superb value for money if you want to get flagship quality on mid range.Highly satisfied.\n", "\nGetting a consistent static sound in the background while on incoming/outgoing call..Very irritating.Didn't expect this out of the box.Have requested for replacement.Amazon has been helpful uptil nowEdit:Phone ordered on 04/06.Received on 06/06.Complaint lodged in 06/06.Technical inspection done on 08/06.New order created on 09/06.New replacement piece received on 11/06.All it took was 3 phone calls in total, so I can term it almost hassle-free (other than the unnecessary delay of 5 days caused by a defective piece).The phone is good.Amazon replacement is upto the mark.\n", "\nAmazon delivery is cool as always.First had confusion with K20pro, zenfone 6 but these reasons made me to go for it..Its the Oxygen Os, Oneplus updates and durability(even my oneplus 3 after 2.6 yrs its working without any lag)Got my new oneplus 7 couple of days ago. find my short review,Display and Design : Awesome display with Amoled screen, Design looks good, I hate pop-up cameras so fine with the notch one.Camera : I wont say its the best but its decent in most of the time. If you looking for pro camera then you may get disappointed. But it has sony's 48 megapixel camera which is producing beautiful photos with details.S/W Performance and H/w : Best in class. It has Fnatic mode for gaming with S 855soc and Oxygen OS(Best in the market) can say its really the beast.  Superb FastPositive:1. Above mentioned all you can say and finally with this price range its the killer.Negative:1. Expected Wide angle lens instead of depth sensor.2. 3.55mm headphone jack or at least the Type-c to 3.55mm converter in the box.Love U Oneplus.\n", "\nI liked this better than the Pro version of One Plus 7. The popup camera is really fancy in One Plus 7 Pro but the camera is better in One plus 7.OnePlus 7 is the most balanced phone you will probably hold in your hands this year. It's got a design that works with some minor touch-ups, a great viewing experience, sheer power under the hood and decent pair of cameras that won't let you miss any moment. On combining these elements with OxygenOS optimizations.I liked the design the performance is top-notch just like any other One plus phone. This is beast in terms of everything. This is a true Flagship phone.Loved it.\n", "\nIt's a nice phone but not worth 33K for an android phone when the same specs are available from other manufacturers for almost half the price. I bought the phone under the misconception that if I dont like it, it can be returned within 10 Days... But Guys that is not true. Amazon does not allow you to return the Mobile Phones. So Be careful and think hard before you buy. I am now stuck with a 33K phone. Personally I was moving from iPhone to One Plus and I must say turned out to be a wrong decision.\n", '\nPositive:-*Great Battery Life*Awesome Display*Performance*Gaming is amazin, pubg runs on highest settings*Dash charging*Service support*Awesome sound through the stereo speakers*Great front and rear camera*Awesome Software experience*Netflix works on HDR Settings only few phones can do that*Pricing*Resale Value*SBI Instant discount when buyingNegative:-*No Water proof rating*No headphone jack*No 3.5mm to type c dongle for headphones*No wide angle camera option\n', "\nYou cannot go wrong with this phone, i was using one plus 3, and wanted to upgrade, i just made a right decision by buying this phone, over all experience is buttery smooth & just amazing, I don't think i can go to any other brand after using one plus since last 3 years.Display 4/5Battery 4/5Camera 3.5/5Performance 5/5Software 5/5Overall experience 4.5/5.I have used samsung, redmi& Motorola & One Plus, & i would like to mention that One Plus is the best of all, and will not think of going to any other brand.\n", "\nUsing this phone for day...Let me tell you I'm a heavy user.. at least 2 hrs Insta 2 hrs YouTube is my daily routine...And since yesterday I'm playing pubgThe battery life I received is fabulous,.I charged my phone at 1 pm and it's next morning I still have 45% left...1 day plus battery backup\n", "\nWell I bought this mobile with high aspirations.  But am not at happy with the battery life and Camera is not so good. I didn't find that quality pic which a 48MP camera should have.I am not all finding worth buying it. I took pics and took vedio. When I access the same from gallery it takes time , which is not expected.Thought to return but I don't want the pain of again transferring the data.Finer prints, face recognition etc etc features are good but what for when the performance is at stake.Else I would have returned.These are absolutely my feelings. It may vary from user to user.Overall I am very sad....Thanks\n", '\nReceived the OP7 from Amazon on 28 June and been using it for about 10 days now. There was no "manual" in the box received from Amazon...not much of an issue as u get everything about a particular Mobile online these days but I would expect such things not to be missed by the seller.Dashcharge is good. Charges to 80-85 percent quite fast though the last 10 percent takes some time. For my usage battery lasts full day with about 30 percent left.Still experimenting with camera....it\'s not bad (could be better). Pics taken in nightscape mode were good under twilight and even when it was quite a bit dark. There is no16:9 aspect ratio for pics in camera. Yes...I know most camera sensors are inherently 4:3 and all that the 16:9 aspect ratio does is to crop the 4:3 down to 16:9 by using software, effecting the pic quality. But I feel OP could have given the option of using 16:9 or not to the users. Now if I want 16:9 to view pics on a big screen flat tv I have to manually do the cropping myself or grin and accept the black bands at the two edges. The default resolution of the rear camera is set at 12MP. If one has to use the 48 MP resolution, he/she needs to go to the pro mode and select the Jpeg 48 MP option. Raw shooting option is there too. You can customise 2 settings of WB, ISO and Shutter speed and save the preferred/frequently used settings as C1 & C2 in pro mode of the camera.Not much of a gamer, so no comments about that aspect.Fingerprint reader is quite fast and accurate.I find the 3-finger down swipe gesture to take screen prints useful.All in all...OP7 is value for money. I did not opt for OP7 Pro due to the pop-up camera although everyone seems to be raving about it. My present thinking is...less moving parts in a mobile, less the future headache (hoping to be proven wrong on this count, though :))\n', "\n3 Days Back I brought a new ONE PLUS 7 Mobile and I just disconnected the call. The display was death  I found strange since I had 70% battery before taking the call. So when I got home I plugged the charger and the screen didn't light up.@OnePlus_INresponses @OnePlus_SupportThe phone is not even 4 days old, it never fell, it hasn't a scratch. I've been cautious with it, and suddenly this happens. I don't know if it has anything to do with any update. But the screen is dead.Don't buy it.@OnePlus_IN @oneplus @OnePlus_Support don't even have minimum care and loyalty towards the customers not even responding properly when they had done the mistake. Without testing the OP7 mobiles realised in the market\n", '\nHave been using the phone for a week now. And one thing that Oneplus always assures users of is the Performance. I have been using OnePlus One till now and it is still as new as it was the first day i bought it (except that its back panel broke and i could find new one). It was the same reason that i purchased a One Plus device again. it gives you a peace of mind that the device will live upto your expectations for years without compromising on the performance.The battery life of this phone is amazing, the software is bloat free, the Snapdragon 855 SoC is amazingly fast. Coupled with 6GB RAM, this phone is like butter. Apps run and open fast, Videos are amazing to watch, Charging is super fast, and the dual Speaker setup is amazingly loud and clear. No Need for external speakers, It can easily fill up a room with clear, crystal sound. I am not an avid selfie clicker or rear camera user so have not clicked many pics, but it is safe to say that the Camera quality is not upto the mark even though the main senser is 48MP. I heard that Oneplus is pushing a new update for the camera which hope to upgrade the picture quality. I am still waiting for that update. Once it is done, will share the camera samples.All in all a great device and will recommend this to everyone who wants to use the device for long time and is an avid game player and movie watcher.\n', "\nIt's big enough if return was possible then definitely I will go for apple\n", '\nAbsolutely worth the price. Fast and fluid UI, Oxygen OS is the best Android skin around. The phone feels premium. Camera is good for the price range. Battery will last for a full day. Only complaint is the lack of USB C to 3.5 mm adaptor in the box which is really frustrating considering the lack of options of decent USB C earphones available in India.\n', "\nThere is no visible change from Oneplus 6T except the camera & SOC (I have both now). The screen protectors applied by Oneplus was bad on 6T, worst in OP7 with big bubbles. Amazon says it's just to protect during transportation & advised me to change with a tempered glass!! It is further learnt that Amazon would replace only when the mobile is defective or does not function properly - physical problems not affecting the apparent functioning does not qualify for replacement. So, better to buy from store with physical verification.However, OP must provide a better applied screen protector on the display!!Considering the huge discount under offer now 6T is a value buy at present though 6T was launcged at a much higher price!!\n", '\nThe phone says best camera but it sucks . Not worth for money at all instead of readme and realmi are giving good feature and camera in phone even with money that everyone can afford. Disappointing never buy one plus\n', '\nPros-Stereo speakersLower priceLatest processorCons-No colour options available for base modelHuge camera bump, might scratch cameraTear drop notch could have been changed to punch hole camera like samsungNo type c earphones or type c to 3.5mm dongle or type c to usb dongle included, unlike provided with samsung\n', "\nI have ordered this phone after watching nearly every review out there for oneplus 7 in YouTube.Consider this phone if you like -1. Oxygen OS (best OS for Android available for users with timely updates)2. Superfast user experience with no lags or stutters3. 20W Dash Charging (50% charge in 30 mins & max 1.5 hrs for full charge even when you are using the phone) with good battery life4. Full HD+ AMOLED display5. Stereo speakers6. UFS 3.0 storage (Honestly there is no real life difference between UFS 2.1 & UFS 3.0 storages)7. Thin & lightweight mobile (Other mobiles in this price range are heavier and thicker - This matters as most of us use back cases for our phones and this phone comes handy)Don't consider this phone if you want -1. 3.5 mm audio jack (No audio jack)2. Full screen sisplay (Has a notch for front facing camera - Personally I feel a camera notch is better than a motorized camera as it provides durability, is futureproof and has faster face unlock)3. 4000 to 5000 mAh battery (Has 3700 mAh battery)4. Back camera bump (But you can cover it with a good back case)For PUBG users there is an option in the oneplus 7 for hiding the notch area with black screen by disabling the apps to use the notch area. By enabling this option you can have a seamless gaming experience without having to bother about the notch while gaming.Lastly to conclude, I was waiting for the Redmi K20 pro and Asus 6z to be available in India and then consider the best phone to buy but I chose oneplus over these 2 phones as I don't like MIUI with ads and motorized camera (Face unlock is delayed pertaining to this) in Redmi K20 pro and it is only available in flash sales which are really annoying as you cannot buy the phone you want with ease when you really want to. And Asus 6z has no AMOLED screen even in this price range and I am not a fan of motorized camera as I have mentioned it earlier. Also both these phones are heavier and thicker.So previous oneplus users should consider this phone without any doubt and other users should compare it with Redmi K20 pro & Asus 6z and then choose the best phone for them according to their preferences.In my opinion Redmi K20 pro is the best option if your budget is below 30k and Asus 6z is nearly a complete smartphone with 5000 mAh battery and this will be my 2nd option but I chose oneplus 7 over these two phones and I have no regrets.Hope this review is helpful for buyers with the budget of around 30k.\n", '\ngood device.\n', "\nThere is nothing new in one plus 7. Same copy of 6t.Camera quality is average even inferior than 6T.Performance is same as 6TConclude : nothing new in this phone. You won't realise you are using a new phone of new series\n", '\nI bought OP7 (not pro) due to all the hype around it. Let me list few points:Pros:- Awesome battery life. For me, it lasts for around 2 days (4 hour screen usage)- Night pics are good, not too good.- Build quality is good, cover provided is also good.- Performance is also greatCons:- Almost each photo taken from it has an artificial touch. Photos does not look real. It has little color effects added by default.- Slightly over-priced.\n', "\nIt's nice phone and not worth 30k plus amount. Also it does not come earphones and there is no converter as well. Colors of the primary camera in night light are very artificial. Overall not worth it!!\n", '\nAwesome experience using this phone but did not get Type C earphones with this..\n', "\nPreviously I was using midrange devices and I am not satisfied with those phones then I decided to buy OnePlus. Today I'm so happy while using this new OnePlus 7. It got everything for my needs Stunning display, Best camera, blazing fast processor (Snapdragon 855) + Oxygen Os, Good battery life. Guys I promise you'll love this phone when you use it. Worth every penny!!!\n", "\nWith my experienceFast and accurate fingerprint scannerCamera is goodUtterly butterly fast and smoothOverall best phoneIf you doesn't like popup cameras.. If you want fast phone.. Close your eyes and go for it\n", "\nExcellent package, I got this unit fresh and brand new!Well, This was my review after 3 days of usage! and i can tell the what you will get on it...*Pros:*OKay, First of all the Camera, OMG it's spectacular! Low light shots, sceneries, natural shots etc, i enjoyed every moment.Intelligence, hats off! The phone upgraded with OxygenOS never fails to impress you.Speakers are similar to the iPhoneX and other phones, decent quality... and yes you will get Dolby Digital..Display, it's awesome feels excellent to normal eyes, although it has several display modes. like reading modes, Dark modes...etcIn the Box, you will get main unit, dash charger(normal c type) and sim ejector tool, thats it...Overall good package for this price!!!The selfie camera is little bit oversharpped at the first time, but after i got the update its normal, and better than the previous version...\n", '\nNot satisfied at all, all hype but no truth.Fingerprint sensor is not reliable,Face unlock does not work in low lightBattery does not last for more than 12 hour for heavy users.Camera is okay but jot great, it lacks camera quality in compared to samsunh A50 which is just 19k.My first and last oneplus.And what just irritates me that they dont give headphones, not even adapter for usb c to 3.5 mm. Thats gross. It has usb type C and no earphones available for type c. U will need to buy aftermarket adapter but it will ruin ur charging port.2nd option Bluetooth headphones but they dont have the sound quality u like. So u r just going to compromise in every aspect.If i could i will return it for refund\n', '\nOnePlus phones have never ever disappointed me. I am a proud OnePlus loyal and have turned many of my friends into one too and they all are happy with with the switch.One plus 7 is extremely impressive too. Battery life is exceptional, the camera quality is the better than any other top of the line phones out there BY FAR. The 256 GB storage space is insane. The phone is as swift as it can get. The best part about the phone is the dolby speakers, they are louder than my dell laptop. The only disappointment is the missing audio jack. All in all the phone is crazy impressive and i dont know why anyone would want to buy any other phone with this or more budget. Listen to me, you are crazy if you want to buy another phone.\n', "\n°DesignImmaculate fit and finish, and a pleasing, premium design - very similar to the OnePlus 6TPretty good ergonomics (similar to the OnePlus 6T, and better than the heavier/larger OnePlus 7 Pro)The in-display fingerprint reader is very good - and even a bit faster than the already good one on the OnePlus 6TStill not fully waterproof (there is some water resistance but it's not IP certified)Like all glossy finish phones (which is an increasing majority of phones these days), the glass back of the phone is a fingerprint magnet°DisplayBig, beautiful 'dewdrop' notch AMOLED display, again quite similar to the OnePlus 6TOnePlus’ Reading mode is still there and is as useful as ever - it turns the screen to a reading-optimized monochrome, and it can be assigned to activate when you’re in certain apps°SoftwareOxygenOS continues to be one of the most thoughtfully-designed, clean (stock-like) UIs for Android2 new features that make it to the latest version of OxygenOS are screen recording, and Zen Mode (for exercising more control over your screen time)PerformanceWith the super fast flagship Snapdragon 855, some ultra fast storage speed (UFS3), the OnePlus 7 is a speed beast, and matches other top-end flagships°CameraGood dual rear camera setup - there a primary 48MP camera and a secondary 5MP depth sensorOverall image quality is good - it takes great outdoor shots, with vibrant colours and good exposure - and is a decent improvement over the OnePlus 6T (though not as good, or as versatile as the camera setup on the OnePlus 7)It also has the new Nightscape mode, which lets you capture reasonably bright and sharp images even in very low light situationsGood 16MP front camera tooIt's not quite a match for the new budget-flagship camera champion, the Pixel 3a, however, which is ahead by a significant margin°AudioExcellent stereo speakers with Dolby AtmosNo standard headphone jack - you will need to use either USB-C or wireless headphones (none of which is included in the retail package)°BatteryGood battery life with a 3700mAH battery - the OnePlus 7 will make it through a day of intensive use without a problem - and will give you battery life similar to the OnePlus 6T (and more than the OnePlus 7 Pro, which lasts less long because of the more battery intensive 90Hz screen)OnePlus's Dash Charging continues to be one of the better fast charging technologies around - it goes from 10 to 100 percent in just 1 hour and 15 minutes - though it's a step below the Warp Charge tech on the OnePlus 7 ProNo wireless charging supportVerdictOverall, OnePlus 7 retains the spot of the all-rounder, reliable, no-frills, budget flagship from OnePlus (while the OnePlus 7 Pro takes the more 'premium' flagship approach), giving you a high-end flagship experience for relatively less - and it makes for a decent update to the OnePlus 6T in the performance and camera departmentsThat said though, the budget flagship segment is much more competitive now (unlike when the 6T launched), so you will have some pretty good alternatives as well, not the least of which is the Pixel 3a/XL, which while not as beautiful looking, or as fast, will provide with a much better camera experience, a more compact design, and a headphone jack\n", "\nAll know the positive things of 1+, but i am giving it 1* because of:1- we can't set preffered network sim wise, which is a basic feature present in every android2- Notifications alerts missed manytimes, i have to open the app to check those3- backup and restore option through laptop is not available4- it doesn't have one hand mode5- news widgets is having very limited view\n", "\nBattery- 5o mins of YouTube videos drains 3%  2 hours of continuous PUBG Gaming drains 15%  8 hours of standby drains 1%  If u just browse continuously it will work for max  1 and a half day  For Extreme gamers - Battery will make u tired but it will not drain out easily. Especially for high end performance games like Real racing, Asphalt, NFS MOST WANTED, PUBG, MAX PAYNE.Also the bestvpart bout of the phone is it never gets hot while playing for more that 2 hours i5 doesn't even get warm.... it doesnt get hot whilee charging or playing it is hard to digest but believe it it does not get hot...Battery optimisation is extremely well designed it conserves battery as per usage and performance so 1 full day of charge for the extremist user.If u ask about one plus 7 pro, one plus seven acts much more Smartest and has no glicthes and user friendly phone in all aspects like weight size maintenance being extra careful and stuff like that...Red Metallic design backside of phone is eye-catching and has a coolest and sharpest shine.Silicon cover provided with one+7 is of the best quality because the phone which u r carrying is a marvellous piece of creativity and a best performing phone in the market and it will keep its care in a better way for a long time.Camera bump is a little con becoz if u keep it on a table or any surface it will touch the surface and chances of scratches or getting dirtySPEAKERS OF 1+7 CAN BEAT 1+7 Pro and other 10 watts of Bluetooth speakerDolby ATMOS WITH SURROUND SOUND OMG on 1+7 is mind boggling and u feel as if u r in a theatre....Smartest Eye catching Smoothest Customisable OS AND for more buy it and feel itDis phone will always entertain u wid new stuff everydayLike the samsung pay it has the capability of paying through phone...wow a hidden feature nobody informed me about\n", "\nThe time keeps changing randomly to gmt despite keeping network based time settings on. contacted one plus support who replied twice and it didn't solve the issuequality of software is very poor. a flagship full of bugs must be some kind of a bad joke\n", '\nPros: -In-display finger print works great.Fastest processor in the market makes the device ultra-speed. Yes of course Oxygen OS also plays vital role for the mobile speed.There is no lag while playing games. We can use full graphics settings.Dual Dolby speaker is awesome I don’t need any Bluetooth speaker anymore.Premium and classy look.Fast charging seems really good.Cons: -Camera is not up to the mark. Nightscape mode damaging the image quality. And we cannot get the clear details in the stock camera. I have installed GCam and its works better and can shot clear pixels than the stock camera.I hope One+ will sort out this issue soon in next update.Overall this is the value for money flagship mobile. We don’t need to worry about the quality since everyone knows about how the quality of One+ is. So it is worth a buy for this price range.\n', '\nPerfect smartphone\n', "\nI bought this mobile with a lot of excitement, but after using the mobile I got pissed off. I really didn't feel that it is a 6GB RAM piece. The phone often strucks in apps. During Video calls it strucks, using shopping apps it strucks. In the usage of 10 days I faced this more than 50 times or so. Releasing a phone with great hardware is not a big deal. Making  the functions reliable is great! I am literally hating OnePlus now.\n", '\nLike: Display, Screen to Body Ratio, Finishing, Stereo Speaker, Dash Charging, Fast interface (oxygen os is blazing fast)Dislike: Camera ( oneplus still habe to go long miles to compete with other samsung or apple phones, photos is not as crisp as S9 or apple iphone xr. Selfie camera produced inconsistent result. Sometimes its very good, sometimes it not. Rear camera struggles in sharpness, software glitch maybe. Even after software update its not great. We wanted a flagship camera in this device but no luck.Headphone jack: we bought this as budget flagship phone, but get ready to invest another 2000 towards a good bluetooth headphone as no headohone jack or dongle provided. The cheap dongle available in amazon will not do justice in terms of audio quality.Overall verdict  great in 31000 price.\n', "\nCons:No headphone jack - this is the biggest problem I have with this phone.Video - I just wish it had manual video controls, the colors are very saturated to my liking.No wireless charging.No Variety of colors in the base model at the time of release.Vibration motor feels a bit dull, would have like a haptic engine instead.No headphone dongle in the box.I literally love everything else about this phone, hence I am not gonna list the pros, because there is no place to write them all down. I rate this phone, including everything an amazing 9.25/10 that's how much I love this phone.\n", "\nIf you are in the market to buy a phone under 33000 then go buy this phone.It is snappy, fast and gives reliable performance.Pro:1. 855 snapdragon process coupled with oxygen os is a beast.2. Stereo speakers, there are loud and also have good clarity.3. Display maybe only fhd+ but it is good amoled panel.4. Good Battery life with 7nm proccesor and good software. I will update about battery life after some days, to have full clarity.5. U.F.S 3.0 storage, you may not notice a big difference but in long run it will keep your device snappy. (The wire that comes in box only supports 2.0) so keep that in mind.6. Dash charging - charging speed are same as previous generation but it is good when compared to other companies charging speeds.7. Two year software support and three year security patches.Somewhat cons but not huge.,1. Camera are good, but not great but it is good enough for posting the pictures taken by this phone in Instagram, or in any online apps there won't be much difference and even the video recording is good. But if you used best camera smartphone then you may see the difference in camera performance.2. No headphone jack - really a stupid thing to remove a headphone jack, also 3.5 mm to type c connector is not included in the box.I have given 4 stars, not 5 stars only because the Amazon delivery got delayed.Conclusion: if you want a phone with snappy performance then go with this phone and when buying this phone checkout the offers that comes with it.\n", '\nAll the things are good ,but there has heating issue and battery draining very fast while playing games.Missing 3.5mm jack and also connecter is not available in market . Local 3.5mm connecter is available but if you will use them then you have compromise in mic and sound quality .UI is very smooth. Camera is just ok i am waiting for the system updates . Mobile seems premium because of UI. Overall i am happy with my purchase but deducting 2 star because of 3.5mm connecter which is not available and little heating issue .\n', '\nThe fingerprint reader has been workedup on the feedback received from OnePlus 6T.The camera quality is very good (48 MP).  The notch of front camera on phone screen is small.  There is also a screen recorder function available with this phone.There is no Type C earphone connector available with this phone, so one needs to purchase it separately (no worries many options at low cost available for Type C earphone connector).The battery life of phone is very good. The Dash charger, charges the phone in very less time.The battery in single charge can last for two days (playing games or watching videos )If you activate the Jio sim on this phone then you also get benefits from Reliance Jio.This phone like OnePlus 7pro has dual speakers powered by Dolby Atmos at top and the bottom of the screen.The Snapdragon 855, 6GB Ram and 128 GB memory ensures that phone works works like The Flash.\n', '\nPhone is great but I am rating one star as there was no type c to 3.5 mm adaptor provided in the box, it not available on OnePlus store as well.\n', '\nI got the delivery on time. But My 1st product was having the software issue, performance issue, battery heating issue... and it is asked for replacement. Replacement product reached on time,but it not working, only with the first screes was showing at start position, Unable to switch off....It is functioning automatically...Total disappointment on OP7 product... Hope they released without proper Quality check for the products...\n', '\nThe colour of the photo in real and the photo take in one plus 7 is totally different. The colour appears green but the original colour is blue. When the same photos is taken in different phone even a smaller phone the colour is correct.\n', "\nI was so determined to buy an iPhone and placed an order for 8plus. but then I changed mine to buy one plus 7 and not the pro. why?.... cuz one plus 7 doesn't worth the price and poor user ratings and most important.. am not a fan of edge display. I suffered a lot with my s7 edge with two times screen broken.I wanted a powerful camera with decent gaming GPU and a top processor. this phone packs all my requirements. am a Dolby Atmos freak. I didn't notice this phone comes with worlds the first Dolby supported speakers to my surprise. initial impression was breathtaking. trust me you will be blown away with these speakers.my overall rating:OS  -  8/10Camera  -  9/10fingerprint  -  5/10face unlock  -  9/10speakers  -  10/10gaming gpu  -  9/10build quality -  9/10brand quality-  9/10voice assist  -  9/10heating issue -  9/10money value  -  10/10overall rating -  8.7/10what can you expect more from a 30k rupee smarphone ???\n", '\nthe product is not ergonomic to operate from one hand. the product should have been a few mm wider and height a few mm lower.There are no much options for Camera and Camera zoom quality is poor. No much value for moneyBattery should have been a bit more capacitySAR radiation level is higher than 1.0 for headThere is no return for this product if you dont like it\n', "\nDisplay went off on 11th day i went to service centre and they fixed it in 5 days by replacing it it was a manufacturing defect after that my finger print is working slow some time it doesn't recognise 4/10My request to OnePlus is atleast replace the unit if it is a manufacturing defect .\n", "\nThe AMOLED display is quite good, and when used in conjunction with this phone's stereo speakers, it does offer a good media experience. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 855 processor is powerful enough to take on anything you throw its way. Unfortunately, camera quality is where the OnePlus 7 still needs some work, stopping it from being a complete all-rounder.If you don't care very much about camera performance, the OnePlus 7 is well worth considering for its asking price.\n", '\nOrdered on 4th june and got this beast on 5th june. Using it since then heavily and there is no way the decision to buy this phone can go wrong. Redmi poco loco fanbois please stay away from this review because this review is for OnePlus and this device is amazing.Pros:-1) Buttery smooth 6.41" optic AMOLED display. You just can\'t move your eyes from away the screen. The colors are sharp and give you a true cinematic feel.2) Snappy snapdragon 855 SoC:- Well it doesn\'t really need any introduction. It is one of the best processor out there. This is on par or I would say faster than Apple\'s A12 bionic and Exynos 9820. Everything works with virtually no lag at all.3) UFS 3.0 storage:- Latest storage technology. You won\'t get any better than this at this price point. Even S10+ has UFS 2.1 and it costs 73990/-.4) Oxygen OS:- Been using 3T for the past 2.5 years and I am in love with this UI. Far better than laggy MIUI and its ads 😂5) New and improved on screen fingerprint scanner:- It unlocks the phone in a jiffy.6) New and improved haptic vibration motor.7) Dolby Atmos:- A very huge improvement in the speaker department by Oneplus. Dolby atmos is so addictive and immersive.8) Premium build quality:- Gorilla glass 6 on the front and a curved Gorilla glass 5 on the back gives you a feel like you are holding a phone worth 60k above.Now let\'s talk about some letdowns :(Cons:-1) Camera:- This is one department where OnePlus is still struggling to beat some of the flagships like iPhone and Galaxy series. But at this price tag it is justifiable. Hope it gets better with the future updates.2) Absence of headphone jack:- They should have at least provided the Type C to 3.5 mm connector in the box. A workaround is using Bluetooth earphones3) Rear Camera bump:- It is quite potruding outside. But given the glass back you ll forced to use a back cover and then the bump would not be felt.Apart from this everything about this phone stands class apart.You won\'t get any better deal than in 30999/-(including SBI discount).If you are confused between Redmi k20 pro and this, I would recommend go for OnePlus 7. You won\'t regret it at all.\n', '\nGuys do not purchase on No cost emo. A big fraud is happening with the EMI purchases. Bank is charging the interest and IGST which you will not be aware during purchase. Please be careful guys.\n', '\nI am fan of OnePlus6T and I purchased oneplus 7  but this time extremely disappointed with oneplus 7 has major heating issue unable to hold mobile at ear and huge emission of heat you will get ear pain after 5 to 10 mins usage.second one it has micro phone issue in call.I have raised complaint to Amazon but they said to insatall banco app retest the above issue while testing that blanco app is faulty app that is not detecing both issues and Amazon simply rejecting the replacement request.its means 33k is simply wasted.Amazon cheating people with unused or tested app(blanco).This app wont detect the issue which having OnePlus 7\n', "\nPros: smooth UI, almost pixel likeAmazing battery, 1 hr gaming 2 hr video streaming, full day usual use, still 45% battery left by end of the day. Charges fastDisplay crisp and clear, vividStereo speakers very good and clear sound. A bit less on bass though.Back case is rigid and very good qualityPricing is acceptable considering the specs.Cons: Camera 48 mp doesn't look clear when zoomed in (comparing to pixel 3a) software updates neededNight shots are useless and noisyVideo stabilization is poorNo headphone jackNo usb c to 3.5 mm jack extension in the boxBulky charger, difficult to carry\n", "\nI am writing this review after using this phone for 3 monthsI used 6 and 6T as well, so according to my personal use of this phone below are the obeservations/reviewPros--1. Hype, so you can show off that you jave top model of 1+2.As compared to iPhone I found this phone better including bith price and performance because after 2 years of use iphone is also goes to same level, there is nothing extra ordinary in that.Cons--1. My phone (1+7)hang couple of times in 3 months , I am literally very disappointed with this but I don't want to go with whole process of raising complaint and then give them my new phone and wait.2. I found 6T better than this, in fact far better than 7.3. Once my phone got all blury screwn that used to come on old antenna tv and I was very worried and not sure what to do as I even was unable to take screenshot of that.4.Phone is very heavy(that one part was better in iPhone),5.In this price range I won't say they are giving you best what should be worth. I was expecting better product from 1 plus.Not sure if this is there testing version for 1+7T, but thsi may be a spot on one plus.6. Worst finger sense, takes lot of time,Mi and realme finger sender is better than this.7. Battery life and charging time that they are marketing for is also better in oppo phones that to less that what we are paying here.As of now this is the update  will update you more.Thanks\n", '\nAs I have spent a big amount for this product, but the screen guard which they have used is worst, not even placed properly as well as bubble is also there...\n', '\nOne plus 7 is not Good , even i tried to return amazon people are not accepted. And even exchange also accepted.Prodct look : GoodSpeaker : worstSound : worst ( China 400 rupees mobile is tham better compare to this )Screens some tims getting blank scren.After calling couple of times to amazon customer care , they arranged technician to check the product.During the time of technician visit , just told mobile is one plus 7 . Then he opened draw backs  and flaws of one plus 7 and finally he said the one plus 7 product is like that only. So we cant take it for exchange or return.After 5 days of usage my rating is 1 out of 5. Very very bad experience with one plus 7\n', "\nIt is one of the best phone of 2019 below 50k. It has the latest upgrades like snapdragon 855 chip, 48 mp camera and many other. It can handle any kind of app you throw at it with flying colors. This phone is super snappy,gorgeous looking. It includes features like gaming mode ,Google lens with which you can enjoy at your fullest. The battery performance is great and I'm getting around 7 hrs on screen with heavy usage. The dash charger works perfectly and it is very fast.\n", "\nHave faced problem with this set from the 1st day itself with incoming calls not getting received intermittently. Have reached out to customer services of Amazon, but they have been of no help. They have sent technicians multiple times to check the phone but all they do is call once to replicate the issues and adjudge that the phone is working fine. A very lousy way of ascertaining a fault in the equipment. Writing this review after getting complains multiple times today again from family friends that my phone was out of coverage for the entire day (however I'm able to place outgoing calls). Would request a replacement of the set from Amazon team. fyi- the sim is fine as it has been working fine with other handsets\n", "\nDon't go for negitive reviews like hanging problem, battery problem etc. They actually don't know how to use phone.Yes if u have packaging problem or hardware problem this is another thing .Phone is just wow...From face unlock to operating everything is beyond speed truly..\n", '\nOnly thing you are paying for is Latest processor. Another plus point could be software updates but this time they are more skewed towards one plus 7 pro. Camera and battery are pretty Average. They are good but not as per competitive standards. Overall Design and features are not as good as competeors. First time they are not able to find something new for their clients. Price is ok but very competitive.Overall ok phone with in the price bracket. May be future updates makes this better.\n', '\nFirst and foremost it looks amazing in hand. Plus the variety of such good features are worth the price.Have been using for some weeks now and I had an absolutely wonderful experience.🚀 Fast charging durable battery 🔋📷 Camera capabilities are noteworthy 📌📢 Bottom firing speaker is loud enough🔥 Does not heat much while playing games📌 Comes with a transparent plastic case🏋\u200d♀ Not very heavy to carry and does not slip from hand📱 Multitasking is very easy and does not affect performance🎮 Compatible with all modern gamesThe only problem I encountered was while taking photographs in low light.An all rounder phone. If you are deciding to buy this phone you do not have to think twice. Just go for it. 👍Cheers! Have a great time 🙂\n', "\nIt's just 07 days into purchase & today I am unable to make phone calls from my oneplus 7. On dialing any number I phone remains silent & I can't hear any ring tone going across to receiver. Nor can I hear any voice. If someone tries to call me though I can hear the ring coming but can't hear incoming voice phone appears absolutely silent. Contacted tech support oneplus, they asked me to reinsert SIM, followed by > settings > system > reset > reset wifi, mobile, Bluetooth, data network, restart, but nothing came out of it...phone not working.Too early to comment on other aspects of phone.\n", "\nGot it less than 2 weeks back. Was working wonderfully well. Till yesterday night. But abruptly stopped working. Just won't start now. Amazon return period ended 2 days back, now I guess I have to follow up with OnePlus directly.\n", "\nAs of now, alot of reviews for OnePlus 7 are out so here let me address some key points which will help after purchase. Before that I would like to say OnePlus 7 is a great phone and I liked it way more than iPhone 6s which I owned upon it's launch. That said let get to few points which needs to be understood after switching your phone.1. You might find the battery backup to be less. But that's normal and keep charging it as and when necessary for the next 3 to 4 days as OnePlus will learn through your usage and the backup time will go up significantly. For me it showed on 12hours but after a day's fiddling around the backup Rose to more than 30hrs for moderate use.2. Fingerprint scanner will get better soon more usage.3. Although I find the camera great in OnePlus 7 some of you camera enthusiast can try the Google camera app to be downloaded via apk route.. works a charm.Continuing on the plus points the speaker is really nice and does provide good sound and clarity. The only thing is one u connect it to any Bluetooth car speaker Everytime you stop the default sound level on the phone goes down(safety feature I guess). So you need to increase phone volume each time.The oxygen OS is clean intuitive and responsive. Specially liked the incognito mode of app storage. Great for keeping certain apps hidden from kids etc.Now coming to the only drawback a moderate phone user like me found is that no headphone jack converter was provided in the box so that was a downer for me as I have to either buy a converter or Bluetooth headphones. Hope this review helps to all of thinking of buying a OnePlus 7.PS: If you are confused between OnePlus 6t and 7 and you can manage shelling 5k extra go for 7 (6gb variant) but if storage matter to you then 6t is the one for you.\n", '\nPros-(I) Becomes a very fast phone with the SD855 processor(II) u can play pubg and even can record your gameplay without any lag..(III) Charging is very fast ..love it(IV) camera is good..but not as good as other flagships...(V) feels very premium in hand..I suggest you to take the mirror grey version..it looks better(VI) haptic feedback is good...Cons-(I) lack of headphone jack(II) headphone jack adapted is not added in the box.Suggestions- definitely go for this phone...over the one plus 7 pro...both are almost same..and 20k more for a 90hz display and wide angle camera is not worth it..\n', '\nlook the photo, no need of any explanaation\n', '\nCamera specially the front camera is extremely bad .The pictures are too much yellowish and not natural .Also the clarity of picture in both,  front as well as back camera is poor . Not upto the mark .The only good thing is performance .So if you are taking mobile for camera this is not the one .\n', "\nAwesome phone.. lives up to its flagship killer tag. With 8GB RAM and 256 GB ROM (store all those pictures without worrying about memory) .. better than pro edition for the difference in price and features (just popup camera and screen). Camera quality is Lit AF.. have compared it with iPhone X (60k plus priced) and trust me this is better. Fingerprint reader is a bit less smoother than expected, however it's not something to sweat about. Battery life is one and a half day, depending upon display settings (keep it on vivid, with auto brightness off when not using in sunlight). Dolby speakers give you the best sound output for a phone. Convenience to change to vibration or silent mode with a side switch. Absence of 3.5 mm jack is irrelevant if you have a good enough pair of Bluetooth headset (works well with my Boat rockers 255). Definitely an upgrade from 6T. Bang for your buck.. go for it.\n", "\nOne word I felt this is just an amazing phone. If you are an Android user don't think twice just grab this phone you will never regret.Battery standby is simply amazing. I am not a high user of FB, IG, or other Social media. In terms of my Normal usage 24hrs of battery backup is just wow. I don't mean Standby backup when you are not using the phone , I get 24 Hrs MINIMUM battery backup with all my usage.Hanging is not a question for this phone. The phone is super fast sometimes it goes so fast that I see the home screen and I need to think which app I was using just now. LoLCamera quality is very nice. It's says 48Mp of camera yes for a Normal person who is not having that amount of photography skills they will simply love it but as I use my DSLR hence I love my DSLR the most, that doesn't mean the phone's camera is poor.I can write a lot but check YouTube I will say to buy this phone if u are looking for a good performance phone. To finish off Please don't expect this performance with a mid range phone. The more you pay correctly the more you get in return.\n", '\nInspite of being good phone with wonderful camera, my biggest disappointment was absence of Audio Jack port. Now while I have to purchase additional audio jack with type-C adapter, I can not charge the mobile while attending long calls using audio earphone. A big -ve feature from my perspective which overshadows all the pros of the phone.\n', "\nIt's just a month since I bought this phone and I was quite happy with its speed but after a month when I turned off WiFi on my phone then it become a dead piece. Service guys took 4 days just for diagnosis of phone and at the moment they are waiting for some hardware to repair my phone. So I settled too much with this so called Never Settle phone. You will not find it's headphone adapter even in market or their own showrooms as they want to force you to purchase a new C Type Headphone from OnePlus of course.Pros:1. Speed is excellent, no doubt2. Display looks good3. Speaker sound is good4. Charging speed is good but do they really need such a huge size of charger. It seems heavier than my ideapad laptop charger and not easy to carry.Cons:1. Camera quality looks average.2. Fingerprints scan is not quick. It's like when fingerprints sensors initially introduced.3. Build quality doesn't gives a premium look due to plastics body4. If you want to play PUBG or other games then always keep charger with you all the time. Battery drains up rapidly. If you just take phone calls only then it should survive for a day.5. Like they claim their software is reliable. Well it's NOT. In my phone their Launcher kept crashing all the time. I started using Nova Launcher for a while. Later I uninstalled and reinstalled their native Launcher again from Play Store. It's very tricky to open Play Store without Launcher. Trust me.5. Like lower quality phones. You can't rely on such expensive phones also. They focused so much on its PRO phone line up that they compromised heavily in quality of OnePlus 7. This is my personal experience.6. Servicing Time is pathetic. They says that it happens as they have too many devices to handle. Seriously, then how come it's a Never Settle Phone if they have so many faulty devices on daily basis.7. No headphone adapter given with phone. You will also not find in market or their own showrooms or in their website. You have to buy their C Type Headphone if you need to use headphone for any reasons.I suggest that you should go for a better alternative like Mi K20 Pro or any other cheaper phone. It doesn't matter how much money you spent on your phones. You have to settle with them. I experienced same thing with my iPhone 6. It got repaired 3 times for faulty display.\n", "\nI was using OnePlus 5 earlier n then upgraded to 7...Fingerprint sensor on 5 was faster may be becoz it has dedicated fingerprint sensor...speed is almost same.... But battery consumption is more on 7... Even when I used my OnePlus 5 for 2 yrs....Facing great problem for not having 3.5 mm Jack and OnePlus did not give type c to 3.5mm converter...And it's not available niether on Amazon not on Flipkart...Those which are available they are fake... And I alsio visited the store of OnePlus in Noida by the product is not available...Please suggest if anyone can...Rest of the things are amazing... N camera is like u will fall in love for it...Better display on itN best that it has notch which is giving me high body screen ratio\n", "\nSuper happy to share my experience with the new One plus 7, it's simply superb, beauty with the performance of the beast, just wonderful experience, the display, camera, battery back up, performance, user interface,  stereo speaker, face unlock, finger scanner top notch. Product built to perfection, precise in everything, the new reading mode turns everything to dark just like kindle. No heating even after continuous usgae, the face scanner works even in the dark and we all presume that Apple builds the best face scanner. Coming from Apple ecosystem to Android after some years and this piece of art has made it worth.I'm pretty sure this would be the best and the most sold phone from One Plus.\n", "\nOnePlus™--Everything is superb fast from opening to closing the app.Red Color is Awesome 👌❤️Main Pros:1.Smooth Display2.Super Fast Dash Charging3.Swift response4.Great Camera and Video Quality5. Affordable as compared to Pro Version6. Amoled Full HD (2340 x 1080)7.Snapdragon 8558. Main Point is it's used by one hand (HandyMobile) compare to 7pro.Cons:1.No LED indicator.2.No headphone jack3.No type c earphones or dongle included4.law light click image was not good.5.i am using face id and finger print lock but sometimes it's not working properly.\n", '\nThis phone is a great phone. It is not a phone that is revolutionary or very different, but it sticks to OnePlus\'s original ideology of making a "flagship killer" - a phone with all the important flagship features that does away with all the useless features and delivers just what all the customers want. In my review, I will go over the pros and cons of this devicePROS1) It has the Snapdragon 855, which delivers excellent performance- this processor is extremely fast and can run most mobile titles such as Fortnite or PUBG at highest settings without any lag or frame drops.2) The camera quality is excellent, and Nightscape and portrait mode are two very useful features that OnePlus has implemented well on this phone3) It looks and feels premium in the hand, the glass back makes it look very nice4) It has a great battery life with 20W dash charging which is still extremely fast at charging up the device. With an intensive workload of playing games and browsing Instagram on mobile data with brightness at Max, it lasted nearly the entire day.5) It has a good price at 33,000 INR and also has support for international LTE bands, which makes it a good phone for travelling.6) finally, the in-display finger print reader is fast, faster than some capacitive readers such as the one on the iPhone 7.CONS1) It doesn\'t have the third lens of the OnePlus 7 Pro or the 90Hz screen - these are features that would have further enhanced the product2) it also can get hot while playing games, but not so hot that you would drop your phoneOverall, this is a great phone with all the features that one needs at this price point. Buy it and do not regret it.\n', "\nIf you want a performant phone and your budget is 20K+ this the phone you should consider.It's big and masculine. Not better than Pixel phones from software point of view but it is definitely better than Pixel 3a in hardware and over all experience.You get the promised box items, dongle isn't there😉Final comment: if you buy OnePlus, you may not like other brands and offering considering its Hardware spec, Battery + charging speed, bundled utility softwares.\n", "\nI'm writing this review after almost a month of usage. Overall it's same as any redmi phone which you get in 10-15k price range.Pros:1. Good smooth performance2. Games (Pubg, Modern combat) work smooth at 60fps, but at low quality.3. Call quality is niceCons:1. Bad auto-brightness sensor - Even after update it doesn't calibrate properly at all2. Average Camera - I find it same as my previous Redmi 4 mobile3. Phone is heavy after putting protection cover provided.4. Battery life on first week was great around 2 days battery. From second week i'm getting 1 day battery life, which is a disappointing drop in battery life.5. Being the highest end spec phone in the market, games struggle to run at HD resolution which was a big disappointment.6. Loudspeaker performance is not good.7. People who say it has great build quality should see the vivo v15 phone, if you keep these both phone side by side no difference.8. Fingerprint sensor is not 100% accurate.To conclude, if any of the basic function such as call, sms and internet would not work correctly, i would throw this phone away\n", "\nNow one plus is like same family of fake promises..camera 42megapixel.. but as compare with my old One plus 5t camera better then 7, one plus 5t's camera is awesome in front 7.. clearity and focus.. etc. Etc.. one plus7 is like mi,Oppo or vivo in my hand. Finger print sensor take 2 or 3 time to unlock.. after that I use pattern.. Amazon changed policy about return mobiles..I'm really unhappy With this decision is made by me. Purchase this phone to the #Amazon. I think this was my last deal..this phone is just have storage but My One Plus 5t still in my hand.. I thought one plus7 is something great in market... Trust me, these people start making fool. Please stay away now.. camera, finger print sensor dumb.. if pay 32999 for just storage or processor. So please think about twice or thrice..I'm really upset..\n", '\nSwitched to OP7 directly from OP3T after using it for over 2.5 years. The only reason i had to upgrade is the due to physical damage of the screen.Pros -Amoled Display on this mobile is as good as it could be.In terms of performance, handles everything thrown at it with ease.Primary camera performance is exceptional.Dual speaker output is more than adequate and crystal clear with DolbyNot so funky but clean Oxygen OS is easy to get used to.Battery backup greatly improved and easily lasts for a day withheavy multitasking.Indisplay fingerprint scanner is quick and accurate.No issues with signal reception or calls with dual sim 4G.Cons1. Elimination of 3.5mm jack without providing TypeC to 3.5mm adapter is incredibly frustrating after paying 30K+. How much did you save from this cheap trick Oneplus ?2. In the rat race of upgrading specs, People are being forced to use bulky and large mobiles just for the sake of better configuration.Unavailability of these same premium specs on an ideal 5.5 inch mobile is disappointing.3. Pop up selfie camera is the trend which is Sorely missing.4. LED notification indicator light is missed.5. Oxygen OS feels dated for previous gen users, more customization options needs to be added.\n', "\nFingerprint scanner is killer though I use face unlock most of the time. Camera is not the best in class as I feel in low light photos could have been better keeping the price bracket which this handset belongs to. last but not the least ,I'm a heavy user and the battery lasts 24hrs+ and auto brightness is doing its job properly. Overall I will give a strong 8/10 score as this is one handset which I've really liked after a long time. Just FYI it's really hard to differentiate between OnePlus 6T and 7 which I feel defeats one of the major reasons for an upgrade for many people\n", '\nAfter using 6T with high hope I had choose to buy this phone but this time OnePlus let his standard down mainly with poor battery, heating issue and Hanging issue and avg Camera quality.. built quality also looks degraded against Samsung type of brands..\n', "\nI've been an apple fan always. But I just got sick of them pricing their phones so high for regular features.On a friend's recommendation went with this phone. Honestly I was sure that I would hate it and would goand buy the iPhone xr....Been almost a month and I am LOVING this.phone... honestly the transition from an iPhone to this is seamless... From configuration to ease of use it is just brilliant...For all iPhone users.... U get a much superior phone for less than half the price.... Go for it\n", '\nThe phone delivers as promised. While Pro version carries much more hardware advancements, 7 delivers more than required for common daily use. And saves you already 18grands... Battery backup loves it expectations, Fnatic gives an all new having experience and size fits perfectly in one hand for usage. The dual speakers provides the magical sound all around you, thanks to Dolby. Switching between apps is flawless and smooth. 8 GB RAM makes sure you have sufficient memory to run multiple apps.\n', "\nYou can't get a phone for this price and with such configuration.In comparison to all phones which are present in the market with latest chipset, this is the true value for money......if ur budget allow you to spend anywhere between 30k to 35k then just don't have a second thought and go for it ...I am using 8 GB ram and it is absolutely Butter smooth, apart from performance the updated camera with Sony imxr sensor is better that previous one plus phone.... satisfied\n", '\nDisappointed!Upgraded from Oneplus 6 and I found no real World difference in usage. The only upgrade I find is increased ROM from 64GB to 128GB and camera pixels from 16MP to 48MP (nothing great about it).Whats the point of upgrading your phone when there is no noticeable improvement in usage unless the older phone is about to die!Will upgrade to new Oneplus only when they launch OnePlus 11TMaybe tech has reached at the saturation level.\n', "\n\xa0after using it for a long period without restarting, the apps get laggy and misbehave. Works like a charm as soon as you restart though. you get to experience the best of smartphones for a fraction of the price of big name flagships.I havent installed any games yet and i am satisfied with the speed of editing apps such as lightroom and the camers's stabilization and clarity. even though it is last years flagship, it is more than enough for average people.Maybe dont keep using the screenguard that is sent with the phone. it is just a plastic layer. my phone fell from a small  height and landed screen first to gravel. the plastic guard had a tiny stone stuck to it when i picked it up and that left a dent on the smooth plastic. the screen is tough and good quality display is under it.even though the battery is just 3700mAh,it is plenty to last you a full day with auto brightness on and its charging with inclueded charger and most quick chargers is so good that you will regain most of the charge lost within half an hour of plugging in. I have stopped my habit of overnight charging and started plugging in after i have woken up. it gets me up to 100% by the time i am ready to leave for work.if you are looking to upgrade to a flagship and dont want it to cost you a leg and an arm(Or a kidney), oneplus is your best bet.\n", "\nThis is hands down the fastest phone out right now and will be for the rest of 2019 and 2020 until Oneplus 8 comes out. Oneplus tinkers with Android OS to prioritise on speed. This phone would easily last someone 3+ years. The screen is absolutely stunning and the 90hz motion on the screen makes it one of the best screens out. Camera is also brilliant and takes amazing pictures. It's got wide angle lens which I absolutely love. Similar to go pro. It's also got standard lens which takes great photos on day and at night too. And a zoom lens. Battery life is also very good and would easily last a day. I never have to worry about storage since it has enough to store for over 2 years for me. Google photos backs up unlimited photos and videos for free so I don't have to always keep photos in my device. So 256gb storage is an overkill and I love it. The price of this phone is a few hundred pound cheaper than others and is better to me! You would absolutely love the warp charger. It will charge your phone to around 50% in 20 minutes. It is a lot faster than Samsung fast charge. The best part is that it will still charge fast even if you're using the phone where as other chargers will slow it down a lot. I have zero regrets from getting this phone! Thank you Oneplus for making an amazing phone\n", "\nUpdate after 1 month..The speed, ui, everything going greatExcept camera and battery.... 😓Battery, every 5-10 mins its draining 1%.. i've seen in 1+ community lot of custs are facing same problem..Camera : sighhh, iam so sameful to say thqt my 48mp camera fails before the other in almost half the price.1. Normal photos are okay okay.. 👍👎2. Portraits have washed out colours..3. Every photos r blurry..4. 48mp mode just increase the file size, no details difference.. come onOnly hope is 1+ will bring some updates to fix this (even though 2 updates did nothing)We don't need the best camera, but at least a better one than cheap phones.. 🤐\n", '\nCamera Resolution is very less when compared with 6T .One plus 7 : 1824*4000 , size :4.1 MB  and one plus 6T : 2300*4200 Pixel. Size : 4.8MB and Speakers are not good surrounding people can listen  voice on call . So For that amount is not worthy .Please verify it once then u can buy .\n', '\nAwesome phone and worth for money!\n', '\n"fingerprint reader" - excellent"Camera quality" - great as per my experience(I  didn\'t compared with any  flagship phones,but comparing  to redmi note 7 pro,which was  my last product,it is very nice)"Video recording" - great,it was my first experience  of recording videos in 1080p and  4k."Performance" - honestly,I expected a lot,like ram  was 8gb and processor was  Snapdragon 855,but I experienced  a slight lag and hanging issues  when I opened a big games like  asphalt 9 and PUBG after running  many apps in background(9 to  10),l know that u didn\'t expected  me to say this but as I said this is  my honest review"Battery quality" - as OnePlus claimed,it does offers  good battery quality but while  traveling using Google maps,it drains faster,or else it is goodOverall I would rate it 4/5.......It was my first review,you can ask me any question regarding this phone or any other (flagship mostly),for I am a smartphone geek.......thank you..\n', "\nI'm writing this review exactly after 1 month of usage. The phone has the latest processor in the market (as of now) so there is no compromise in terms of speed and processing.  These are the Cons that came up while I was using in this  in the 1 month of usage.1:  The screen does not turn on with the Double Tap, and I faced this problem very frequently then you have to press the power button to make it  On.2: Though the fingerprint scanner is very fast some times it fails to recognize the scan, there you have to manually enter the passcode to unlock your phone.3: In the initial days the battery back up was really robust, after almost 2 weeks then battery started draining very fast even though I did not play any high-End games like pubG.  Asphalt etc,.4: On a normal day for the minimal usage of apps like 5 to 6 calls in a day (1 hour of calling on average) and spending an hour (on an average screen ON time ) of whats app and Instagram, apart from that phone would be idle for the rest of the day. For that, the battery drained so fast from 100 to 17 percentage in the time period of  10 hours (No Background apps running ).5: And also I've personally experimented about the battery draining rate, I kept the screen on and left the phone idle without any background apps running. The battery drained 1% of it for the screen on time of 2 minutes with No apps running in Background  (approximate).I can say the phone was good initially, The problems came up very slowly. If you want the phone with good battery life, I can say to give a second thought before buying .\n", "\nThe phone is behaving funny since I bought it.1. Speed is great no doubt, but sometimes the battery drains a bit quickly even without any app running and gets warm.2. Network is again an issue. I feel there is an issue with the phone grabbing network. A lot of times even in a complete network zone, I get limited connectivity. Probably a glitch.3. Once I receive or make a call, the first few seconds are blank and then the you can listen. The same happens in my brother's OnePlus 5t as well.4. The sleep mode is set to default 30 seconds and even after changing it many times, it goes back to 30 seconds which is very frustrating.Maybe an update will take off the glitches.\n", "\nI have received the product in good condition...packaging is good.but I haven't received the product in my given address.i have to travel 16km distance to collect my product.Coming to the which I liked the most is the amoled screen and the heptic vibration.oxygen os is pretty cool.but the preapplid screen guard is not so good and also the back cover.i have exchanged my 1 year old redmi note 5 pro and  brought the 8/256 mirror grey varient\n", "\nI am not gonna give any pros and cons as there is already plenty of it, but instead here's what I have to say. I have been using the phone for the last 8 days or so and it's been great so far. Please take the negative feedbacks with a pinch of salt, because most of those are from people either having a very high expectation or are ignorant about the fact that they knew about the specification very well from the start, before buying.Complaining about the phone being heavy, not having a 3.5mm converter (yes, that's something OnePlus should've given inside the box) but let's be honest everyone knew about it. Then there are people complaining about it heating and the finger print scanner being slow, neither of which is true.Every phone has their own issues, it's nothing new. But if you are looking for a flagship phone at a decent price (compared to the Samsungs and iPhones) then I'll say, go for it.\n", "\nI had a one plus which I bought 3.5 years back and was amazed by the performance + durability of the phone. And now I bought one plus 7 for which I don't think we need a description. The phone is superly awesome. Great performance. Superhot battery life. Picture perfect camera. sensitive fingerprint sensor...And lots of it. I will give a 10/10 to the product. In short it is the boss phone.The package came.in perfect and as scheduled. Thank you Amazon, thank you one plus.\n", "\nI'm a first-time OnePlus customer and this phone didn't disappoint me in the least.It is lightning fast,Has a great battery life.The RAM management is amazing.The camera gives superior quality pictures and videos.Face id reader leaves me awestruck everytime I unlock my phone.The fingerprint reader is a little slow for me but still is impressive.The sound quality is excellent.However, recently I have noticed that the videos aren't played properly i.e. while the audio is clear, the screen goes blank. Even the screen recording is a blank screen with audio. I have complained to the OnePlus customer care. Hopefully, it should be resolved soon.Although, I would have been happier if there had been a set of earphones or even a Type-C connector.\n", '\nI m writing this review after 2 days use.. i love one plus I have one plus 5,6 and now 7..I test following things in op1, one plus switch work awesome all data n setting transfer within 15mints2, i run video continue 3hrs i did not found any lag.3, display finger unlock speed is very good.4, camera night mode result also better than op5, after 5hrs use of video battery life is 24hrs so quite good.If want to buy go for it..\n', "\nI m not much of Frequent Gadget changer . I Change the device only when the old one gets obsolete and irrepairable . While doing this purchase I was bit worried about the device Compatibility and Privacy But One plus blown my MythsPros :High end performance ( I m not talking about PUBG . I can work on 3 to 4 high RAM Using Broking Apps trust me I am research analyst my phone's die of over working )Battery can long for 6.5 hours for my kind of work because most of the work is on phone .Still charges like 50% in 15 minutes .I m not much camera Guy , So Still camera good for my perspective .Cons :1.You will addicted to device beacause it can perform equal to a Tab .2.If you are having One plus I suggest you to Buy insurance along with it and renew it along beacause small fall from pocket can give you 12000 INR loss ..3.Service centres are very less in number4.headphone connected that's either not available in online or sold in black offline by retailers if you are interested in using ONEPLUS stuffOverall the phone is good I ve been using this since 3.5 months .. performance wise non comparable ..Cost can be reduced atleast to the extent of insurance .\n", "\nUpdated to one plus 7 after using my one plus 3 for 3+ years and can safely say that one plus is the best brand if you want to keep using your phone for long. They never slow down or give any sort of trouble.Coming to one plus 7 been using it for a week i am in the position to write my first impressions on it.Build Quality: Sturdy. No complaints.Screen pros: great colors, sharp and overall fantastic. Cons: outdoor visibilityBattery Life: on auto brightness using indoors and using phone continuosly as it was new i was able to get 8hrs + of Screen on time. Lasts me 1.5 days on an average with screen on time of about 6hrs. Cons: wish it was 4000Mah.Performance: as good as it gets. no complaints.Camera Rear: within this price range i actually think it is very good if not the best as i haven't used othera cameras. but it is good for most scenarios including night and low light photosCamera Front: good for selfies no problems with it.Audio: Speaker output is great comparing with one plus 3 and pocof1. good loud sound and clear. Cons: Back glass vibrate on loud volume which is annoying even if you are talking on speaker phone and lack of 3.5mm jack + no bundled dongle. Ordered mine from one plus website as it was unavailable on amazon waiting for it to get delivered. it is a hassle actually. nothing should come between me and my music.Software: best version of android. Clean, optimized and have lots of useful features. with good timely updates. love the software on it.Call quality: No complains.Fingerprint reader: Faster and more accurate than last generation. not as fast as the physical one but you won't notice it unless you are absolutely keen. Cons: One problem is unlocking the device at night which means flashing green light to your eyes in the dark room.Why i didn't picked pro over it? Coz it wasn't value for money. For 43K it would have made a lot more sense to me and i would have surely gone for it.Still have any questions hit me up will try to answer.\n", '\nIts a good package for this price.FINGERPRINT SCANNER:Fingerprint scanner is fastest in this segment.CAMERA:Camera is OK OK kind of. Because photos are missing the sharpenes which I got from the Samsung mobile cameras.GAMING:Gaming is superb. No lags or anything in PUBGBATTERY:Batter is one of the best in this phone. Very fast charging and it last for more than one day for an average user.HEATING:Heating is not a big deal in this phone. I didnt feel much heat while gaming.\n', "\nThe fingerprint reader is pretty sloppy but then again it's an in-display style so can't really expect much. The camera quality is okay and can't be compared to pixel cameras at all, but on an overall experience they satisfy my needs. Battery is amazing, people say the pro version has a bigger battery so it gives higher battery life but that's wrong. The 90hz refresh rate will decrease it's battery life and give a similar battery performance to that of the OnePlus 7. For a heavy user such as a gamer, this phone can last 4-5 hours of gameplay time, but for a regular user you can expect 1.5 days on a full charge.\n", "\nThis is a great phone for the price. Oxygen OS is really one of the strengths of this phone and should really qualify as a feature considering how good it makes the overall experience. Having said that, the phone doesn't exceed expectations. It delivers the usual great performance you expect from One Plus but in my opinion, you cannot really compare it with other more expensive flagships just because it has similar hardware.There will be some places where a difference between the flagships and this phone will be apparent. The display is one such area. Although a good AMOLED screen, it's still 1080p and honestly the difference shows between this and a 1440p screen no matter how much anyone argues otherwise. The Blacks on this screen are good but even with the screen off it is not pitch Black it's rather a shade of Gray and the difference shows between this and a Blacker screen.The performance is snappy as expected and the experience is smooth for the most part although I did notice minor stutters in some of the opening and closing app animations. Despite a healthy 6 GB of RAM, some lights apps too close in the background due to battery management software which can be better optimised. However, turning off such optimizations might mean poor battery life.Battery life on this phone is not exceptional by any means. It's definitely something that needs more improvement. It's not a full day battery if you're a heavy user. Even with moderate usage, it'll last you just about last you a day with 5 hours screen on time at best. Charging as expected is pretty awesome and feels considerably fast despite faster options being available now a days.Apart from this there is occasional heating on the back of the phone despite lack of intensive usage apps. However nothing too extreme so can be ignored.Some other minor issues that can be fixed with software are proximity sensor malfunction during calls, inaccuracy in auto brightness mode, delay in notifying change of ringer mode through switch, etc.The fingerprint sensor is probably better than last generation but still a hit or miss at times. Need to hold the finger over the sensor for a second and can't remove it quickly. Not a big issue, just not there yet as compared to a physical sensor. Scope for improvement is there.Overall it's a great offering that was sensibly priced this year unlike last year with the 6T. With Amazon discount, it was available for 29,999 which made it the right time to buy. Going forwards I think One Plus should continue major Android software support for phones for 3 years at least and should price the regular non-pro variant of their phones under or at 30k to effectively beat the competition which is increasingly getting better and attracting more users. I could have very well gone for the Redmi k20 pro and I would have gotten a notchless display and same specs as this phone. The only reason I went with One Plus is Oxygen OS and assured 2 year Android update. I think this is the only differentiating factor One Plus has as of now and it should build on this lead and improve it further otherwise, people might opt for cheaper though similar offerings.Really hope this review helps those who are deciding.\n", '\nTo cut to the chase, After a decade of being a loyal iPhone user ever have I thought to shift from iOS to Android. But seeing my frnds and others using one plus I thought will give it a try.One plus after entering the premium global segment of mobile makers have become greedy, the 3.5 mm jack was replaced with the type c which is fine, but they should have given the type c cable and the free case given was sturdy but not classy. 6 had a awesome black case. Coming toPros - Battery, Camera and Network reception ( iPhone use to suck battery due to no or less coverage in my room), performance and sound qualityCons - Phone is bigger in length so it makes it difficult to hold and type over and to search apps or choose the top ones on the screen becomes tough. At times the call quality drops not sure if one plus is working on it.The bulge at the back for camera is little outdated one my frnd uses the OP5 rose gold and for me that design and sturdy is the best I have seen in a OnePlus.Had issues with auto brigthness and camere auto focus, received updates on this yesterday hope it gets better.Awesome experience of one plus so far and I wish ,hope to be a one plus user in the years to come.\n']