I don't know what's going on with all the negative reviews. People are really hard to please! I went to see that movie without any real expectations and I thoroughly enjoyed it.

    Tom Hardy does a fantastic job
    Venom is an interesting and fun character
    The plot is fairly classic for this type of movie; nothing good or bad about it
    The special effects are great - I loved the transformation scenes.

Overall, I recommend it if you like the genre, want to have a good time with a dose of laughters and aren't overly hard to please.

We just came out of the theatre and I can honestly say. I liked it! It was funny and it paid great homage to the Todd McFarlane bombastic Venom era of the late 90's. It truly baffles me that Sony would not take enough risks to release the film with an R rating. I wonder how much of this film was left on the cutting floor!?! Tom Hardy's performance is also on point and...just go see it.


First of all Iv just watched the movie a couple of hours ago and Iv just been reading a few reviews and I must have been watching a different movie to them cause I absolulty loved Venom!

I love the relationship between Eddie and Venom, they proper cracked me up with some of the things they said and the whole room was laughing at loads of moments throughout the movie.

Coming out of this movie makes me want to have a symbiote latch onto me if it's anything like the film. I loved the movie from end to finish, it was a hilarious, fun filled action ride!

My only critic is I would have liked the finale to go on for a little longer but other than that I thought it was brilliant, I deffo reccomend everyone go see it.

DONT Listen to other people's reviews, go watch it for yourself then decide if u liked it or not, I loved it!


Don't listen to the critics whom are desperately trying to remain relevant in a time where the opinion of the audience truly matters.

The movie is geniunely good. What it isn't is fantastic however.

-buildup. The intro of the movie was fine. Nothing spectacular but certainly progressed the story into the right direction. Though it did linger on for a tad bit too long.

-The plot while amusing, is definitely lacking and drops the ball at least at a certain point, which i cant really dive into here due to spoilers. This certainly is the biggest problem with the movie.

-CGI. Not great but certainly far from bad!

-Venom. The symbiote is awesome and i loved the bonding with Tom Hardy's character which truly moved the movie forward. Definitely the strongest point within the movie and was eager for more!

-Overall. Ignore the damn paid critics. They are a dying breed and shouldve been put out of their misery years ago. This movie is entertaining. While i was dissapointed with the lack of a true dark tone, it wasnt all pure comedy either. it was a decent balance.

Check this movie out for yourself and vote accordingly. This movie deserves that at the least.

Had a test screening tonight in cinema I work at, and couldn't wait to watch my all-time favorite Marvel (anti) hero on big screen. Tom Hardy is great as always, that guy really can act. Can't think of anyone else who would be a better choice for the role but him. Introduction was really long, but I was not bored for a second. When Venom comes in his true form - the party starts! Wish few action scenes were less like Michael Bay's style (hardly see anything) but the inner child in me was really happy for Venom's maniacal kicking and punching around. Venom's character is really well made visually - his walking, jumping and smashing are just like in the comic books - thumbs up for that!

Hope they will release R rated version on BluRay so we can see more of Venom's craziness. Tom Hardy allegedly said best parts are cut out to make the movie more age appropriate, and I think that's a shame. Anyway, I will watch this movie once more in cinema, and buy it on BluRay. After all, it's Venom!

Go and see it on big screen - hope you won't be disappointed!

Just got back and to be honest I thought because of the critics that the movie would be a mess, but I reallyyyy enjoyed it!! Tom hardy did a great job as always and Venoms character was amazing! Loved the jokes and the relation between those 2. I think everyone should go see this movie with an open mind and not thinking about the bad critics, people always just want to complain about everything, specially when it's hyped. Conclusion: GREAT MOVIE, GREAT ACTING, IGNORE THE CRITICS


Just to start I want to say my favourite super hero/ villain is venom so I may seem a bit biased but I tried to keep a level head going in and not let the fanboy out.

My honest feelings were that the film is exactly what it needed to be. Thank god they didn't pull and amazing Spider-Man 2 and tried to set up a wider universe. Yes there is space too but I believe this film can stand as a stand alone movie.

The opening to the point of Eddies first contact to me was really poor in the acting department and the story seemed very messy here however as soon as that symbiote hits it's full steam ahead!

Tom hardy has always been an actor that I can really rely on in movies and after seeing legend, (an excellent film which I highly recommend) I had no doubt about his ability to form the two identities of Eddie and venom.

The romance sub plot surprised me and I thought it was handled in a way rarely seen in superhero movies so well done on that.

A big point of content was the jokes. Yes the "turd in the wind" line is a bit cringy but I think a huge amount of the jokes do hit home. For people who have seen the film a certain joke regarding an elevator that was short and sweet and had me genuinely laughing at it.

Time to talk about venom himself! CGI on him is how I wanted venom to look in a live action version, that slimy, toothy, grinning look that looks like something straight from the comics.

This film will definitely not be for those that aren't really into comics and I think this film may hit a special place in some fans hearts like me. At the end of the day I say go see the movie and see if you feel the same way.

Something that I found really helped me was I went in not thinking of the MCU at large and Spider-Man at all and only when I was 1 hour in did I think "I haven't thought about Spider-Man once!"

To me venom is a surprisingly good film with some great action, visuals and comedy that occasionally stumbles, especially the clunky opening 30 minutes

Do have a fondness for superhero films. 'Venom' also had talented people in the cast, Tom Hardy and Michelle Williams have both done great work in their careers, it looked interesting and found myself really fascinated to watch an origins story of one of the most interesting anti-heroes in the superhero universe.

Watched 'Venom' with reasonably high expectations and with the willingness, as always, to judge the film for myself and form my own opinion. Was aware that it was not well liked by the critics, but part of me was really hoping to disagree with the thought that could a film with so much potential be worse than it actually looked? Have to agree with those that were left disappointed, while also not finding 'Venom' to be that bad. Am not though going to join in the irritatingly excessive critic bashing from people who really need to start learning the difference between fact and opinion.

'Venom' does have good things. It is at its best in the scenes and chemistry between Eddie and Venom, which had fun and tension. It is when Venom arrives on screen too when the film properly starts to generate interest, after too long struggling to invest in the first act. The darker elements of the film are actually quite well done, having a dark grit and creepiness. It looks reasonably good, well designed and shot with slickness and atmosphere.

The music has pleasant moments and fits well while there is some exciting action, especially the car chase sequence. Some of the effects are terrific. Tom Hardy is intensely charismatic, with Eddie/Venom being interesting and well contrasted characters, far more believable than Topher Grace in 'Spiderman 3'.

However, the rest of the cast don't fare so greatly. Michelle Williams has never had a flatter character than here and is basically wasted in a development-free plot-device role. Riz Ahmed is far too anaemic for the one-dimensional villain that's both cartoonish and insipid. Of the characters, only Eddie and Venom engage and intrigue, the rest are flat. While some of the effects are terrific, others are terrible especially in the latter stages with the biggest offender being the rushed and clumsy climax.

It is the script and story where 'Venom' fails most. The script is really clunky, especially with the forced and goofy humour that can be misplaced (Venom's disgust at taking the elevator was the one moment passing as funny) and the villain spouting dialogues and speeches that mean nothing. The less too about the soapy and cliché-ridden scenes featuring Hardy and Williams the better, they are bland and don't serve much point, and the Life Institute scenes should have had more clarity. Unfortunately, these scenes dominate the first act and makes it feel rather dull and "taking too long to get going". The story is tonally disjointed, too many tones that are very variable on their own and don't gel together, and very clunky. This is not a case of the film not trying, to me it came over as trying too hard in catering to everyone and throwing in too many ideas and elements and executing them very variably and too safely. For a story intended to be dark and violent, this seemed rather tame and held back.

It takes no risks. It's watered down. It's generic. It's trying to give the impression it's following Deadpool down the R-Rated super hero route, but it didn't have the guts to go the whole way, or even take a step really.

Tom Hardy is an OK Eddie Brock, but I still find him a bit hit and miss as an actor, and that comes through even from scene to scene here. Sometimes he just mumbles his way through with no effort and I genuinely wondered if he was channeling Dustin Hoffman in Rain Man, while other times he actually seemed to be trying, especially with the physical aspects. There's no connection or chemistry between Tom and Michelle Williams. I guess she was just hoping for some Marvel money and didn't realise this was a Sony picture. And the rest of the cast are incredibly average and forgettable. Especially Jenny Slate, who will always be stuck as Mona-Lisa from Parks & Rec.

There's years of comic book lore and stories to draw on for Venom, but they ignore much of it... For example, why does Venom look like Spider-man? We know why from the comics, but in the movie it makes no mention of this, so we're left with questions and a very one dimensional character as a result.

Of all the stories that could have been told about a symbiotic alien, and all the interesting directions they could have taken the story, they decide to go with what boils down to a boring buddy movie.

Venom isn't a Marvel movie, for that it succeeds far more than if it had been. If you're getting tired of the Marvel formula then Venom is going to be a breath of fresh symbiotic air.

Venom occupies it's own universe, it's dark, gritty and more grown up compared to its counterparts. The existence of Eddie's personal life feels real, his struggles are far more relatable than any other character portrayed in a comic book movie so far. He is an everyday guy who screws up and because of that his need to redeem himself gets him attached to a symbiote. After that hes just trying to stay alive until the very end when the truth of his circumstance means he is the only one who can prevent humanities destruction. The movie didnt lead up to this, it wasnt even known what was to come until the last 20 minutes of the movie.

This is a marriage of two separate movies and it's done very well. You remove Venom and the movie feels like it could stand on it's own with a few key changes. The Venom portion hits all the notes required for a superhero movie.

You actually care about Eddy and it's not because they give some sappy back story about loss or self reflection. You care because you can actually relate with what happens to him and how you may have reacted in the same scenario. He wasnt rich, a god or born with powers, didnt live with super advanced technology or volunteer for an experiment. Hes just a guy with a 9-5 in a regular relationship and living in the same world where shake downs and homelessness exist.

The critics wanted a different movie then what they got. They wanted a basic Marvel super hero movie without realizing one of the better super hero movies as of late (Logan) didnt follow that formula either.

Venom is the movie that stands on its own by creating a story with elements suited to the character, not checkboxes like others. Its entertaining and feels like it could have lasted longer. I'd rather feel left wanting then feeling like the movie is now requiring me to continue watching it because it's been dragged out too long.

I'd rather watch another Venom movie then any other marvel universe sequel at this point.

I honestly don't get the critics, the score does not coincide with the experience that Venom offers us. Is it a strategy to draw more attention to it? Who knows! But I am for sure that's the truth... I've seen worse movies who had at least 50 points from them. Still, it's not the best Marvel movie out there, with Black Panther being the best and probably the greatest surprise that MCU has ever given to us, but it was enjoyable and I was really impressed with the portrayal of Venom, considering the story in the comic books. SPOILER ALERT: there's a lot of schizophrenia in this one :))

Movie was slow in the first half hour and only became exciting after Eddie and Venom became one. Special effects were quite awesome, some of the fight scenes (chasing sequence and climax fight scenes) were amazing. The interaction between Eddie and Venom were quite funny at times.

I also felt the movie was too short, having less than 2 hours duration which include the long end credit scenes. Btw, it has 1 mid end credit scene which I think could only be appreciated by the fans of the comic books and 1 post end credit scene. So be sure not too leave your seats too soon.

The sound effects with Dolby Atmos was awesome and it is also specialized for IMAX theaters. Overall it was quite fun and entertaining movie. Oh and this movie is in Spider-man own universe but NOT Marvel Cinematic Universe, so you need to manage your expectations.

You would think one of the 5 (why?) writers could have gotten this right. Tom Hardy was amazing, the directing excellent, cinematography on point, V/SFX not bad, but the story was very loose and had plot and pacing issues. Venom's voice was also annoying. You would think the producers would have hired better writers instead of pathetically paying for almost every review on here 9 and above being fake (pretty much only film reviewed). I may have given this film a 7 or 8 out of 10, but only gets a 6 for the fake reviews. For me it could have been much better and deserving of the 9's and 10's had the writing been tighter. Nevertheless, still enjoyable, but sadly only a 6/10 from me, mainly for the fake reviews that piss me off.
